he's not worth fretting over. there's better people who still love you up in this bitch.
the movies are way better. movie light blows ass  though.
great! now i've got that damn   thank you for being a friend...  song stuck in my head...your dream is my nightmare.
damn man  that sucks. do you think you'll ever get another cat?
he's kind of like a gay male version of edith ann i bet. http://tinyurl.com/6a8yrr
haha yeshhh you are  and you thought i was gonna think its gay -_-
damn your doing that with your iphone camera / wife  me both love it.
and we are having a pig roast and beef and goodies tonight before midnight with some of the people - i'm going to be dead tomorow
haha  dont cry when you drop him off. hate to see him hit you with one of his remarks in a moment of weakness.
sylar/peter? fuck yeah :p us in the middle?
haha yeah. jack's already gay. we're just trying to get zak to come out now xd
don't you hate emotions sometimes?  sneaky things.
that damn camera!!! lmao
beans are sadly gassy and cause pain. i might try non-fat yoghurt  though.
my gluten-free  newly fat-free diet is also not avenaceous  though technically oats are not glutenous.
yep. we are tweeting each other too. mostly with messages like  u r a nerd.  indeed  he is the man of my dreams :-)
:(  that sucks.
i am aware. patient advocate in ed  patient  admin. now preface launching into history with  kind of in the industry.  sucks.
yes  i am sick too too too too sick.  it sucks.  i hate it.
i may go with velour track suit.  just have to find one! because i hate shopping  even in the best of circumstances
wow! that  is funny!  i'd be soo disgusted if anyone pulled that  on me! they'd be  bitch-slapped.
well fine  they can call them seat protectors in great britain but in the us of a they best call 'em ass protectors.
damn dude -- they're all short sleeve shirts! wanted to order a long-sleeve ringer. it's winter man! any chance of adding?
ooooooh - didn't hear that story!  have a bad feeling it likely makes us (canada) look like wannabe dorks on the fashion radar..?
yes  i do hate that. ;)
we've been catching up on lost. the truth is i dont like it very much but it sucks you in because it's so freakin' weird.
wow-this is fantastic!  how did i miss it until now? my resolution for '09.. loose my baby fat (not from childhood). #gno
hate emails??? for you?? i dont believe it
i hate pc's too!! argh :-)
it's actually a cool phone  great feel  good size  nice keyboard. not sure if i'm staying with my touch or changing. hate decisions!
movie is surprisingly fucking awesome! go pick it up!
how bad ass is that?! lol
i hate aaron.  he needs to go away.  interesting comments:  chuck is the secret love child?  i cannot wait for new episodes!
don't get me started about my slumlord. did you make it into work? it's nutty outside. i love this weather! (but hate winter ttc)
i bet they hate their lives deep down. they always treat me like an idiot when i'm there.
hahaha i did txt him back and say gay u woke me up now i cant sleep hahaha wat are you doing? im so bored but cnt sleep haha
excellent point rt:  @tdhurst any good fraternity would have pickles always in stock. not so sure about the ass tattoos though.
right there with you! woke up thinking of a hundred things i need to do. hate that!
fuck! are you dead?
#name?
damn!  i better get busy  i only have 29 updates.
i just love the speed & simplicity cum features of google chrome
eeeek! i'm scared of the dark. i don't really believe in ghosts  but that would still freak me out.
you're right  i hate you for saying hat!
i hate having a bunch of pics in my camera roll
yayyyy! damn irish bitch! congratulations!
i gained this week too  i hate it b/c i knew it before i went in  and held my accountability and wi. it makes me determined
oh ok i know what the fail whale is then! thanks!
why can't i bitch about at&t? i have it for god's sake. i hate the boys club...
let's get ready to rumble lol what a loser he is. let's get ready to never give him the mic again
damn!
you would hate to see my sister :/
~santi~ 
i feel really sad for the fourth  fat  cat who can't play in the tunnel!
sure. well  long day being going to five stores in a row. i hate shopping.
well damn you just made this jersey boy drool alittle. that's how i like to see my jersey women step out. you have great feet 2
owww  i feel you babygirl. i swear country boys and girls are so fucking thirsty. you stay on your nj shyt you will be fine!
hmmm me either!!! well wait i've had like two... maybe more i dunno... i hate having my photo taken i do know that much!
tough love is key. though i'd never do that to my brother because he has done so much for me  but she sounds like a bitch.
twitter updates my facebook status you big dick. that way i don't have to do both. not everyone is nerdy as us with our twitter
the only thing i hate more than the man is a raging uti.
if you really like of human bondage  you'll love anything by shakespeare. sorry... i'm a literature nerd and english major...
gotcha. no probs here but i expect her to stay up all damn nite next year. :)
i usually reserve this term of endearment for my sweet  @ginderelly  but.... hooker! i hate you. no  i love you. but i hate you.
that's because lithia sucks.
i would pull the  i'm suing your ass 
that's good. it's a bitch to start a computer/laptop from scratch. music isn't too bad.do you know what happened to your mac
aw i'm a cap too. i'm so gay. anyway i'll be in ny around then...
hey houston isnt that bad...who am i kidding it sucks anus
i guess thats true.. when it rains in ny it sucks but there is always shit poppin in ny.. orlando is boring :(
im in the same damn boat!!!!!!
i disagree. freecycle for clothes sucks. rarely do people post pictures or include good descriptions. maybe for kids clothes  ok.
loooove that game! haha  i used to be such a nintendo nerd!
i cant leave yet and i had to pee but there was water all over and i didnt want wet socks cause i hate that. lol
gorillas + apes always make me cry. mama apes nursing babies worst. 2nd are bored  ass-scratching primates. but kids dig zoos
on reservoir...they were walkin...u kno my loud ass was like  ommmgg hiiii ...haahaa
ay nena..this punk is outta control. his visit went well tho..they took his stitches off but he was actin like a lil bitch whe ...
wat! u playing drums! good shit! who da hell else has the ghwt set up? i need2bust there ass (no homo if its a dude that owns it)
hop off my driving ok im fucking stressed out cuz of that shit.  @theotherpplwhodidntreadright ..i was not talkin about ev's tweets
omigosh  hate them! i wrote a huge  literally  enormous  sharpie-d note on my door & ran downstairs every hour. victory at last!
if she gets that xbox for me. no one will ever see me for about 5 months ... you'll find me mad fat  smelly  with a huge beard
send mo ney....lot's of mo ney  roflmao 
oh this sucks . would love to hang out but i am heading to costa rica and won't be back until the new year.
i hate your direct message. thanks.
ugh i hate the tangle struggle. it will be in a damn pony tail all day and i go to brush it and its like a damn jungle.
for real! that's awesome! i love and hate it at the same time  the presidential debates this election made me super heated.
lol no kidding! i would be scared for my life if i were somebody tryna fuck with you! i have no older siblings  i'm jealous!
you're so gay  you don't even like boys.
you will do fine. good luck. go kick some ass!
oh ratz  i hate that. it's on gizmodo http://tinyurl.com/4vge9r
i do. why is it americans feel the need to be an ass when they travel?
and red carpet ready handed my ass to me tonight  in a good way. i am pooped!
hate you
listen. i love the lord. but when i get to heaven and he asks  jg*... why were you such a freak?  i will say:
you damn right! lol
trust me. i'd love to say fuck you gmat! but georgetown  northwestern  and uni of chicago would say then fuck you jg*
damn what you getting in to
well damn! do it big!
the entire congregation was gay.
agreed.  is dick clark setting an example of what to do or not to do?  very sad to see him now god bless him...#nyetwarty
late about big having a movie coming out. didnt tupac have that movie out called resurrection a long ass time ago?
i hate it when that happens!  forgeting badge.
u r not a loser i think ur swell sir!
i've been waiting for over half hr for the damn red line. today kinda sucks!!!
damn  after seeing that one i know i didn't win anything!
happy last day  @ y!. i'm sure ur gonna continue to kick ass at  @raptr  and that  @seldo will miss u dearly :-)
your hate can't penetrate the total happiness and warmth i feel as i sit beneath the palm trees sipping margaritas #tequilaggedon
i hate it when i do things like that
no i hate the news! they showed that 51 things girl. it was like they discovered it but it was featured!!
tell her you are gay :)
is spreading hate and mistruths...somebody school him #gaza
i twissed you! (twitter-missed yo ass).
damn  girl lol. do you kill 'em w/ kindness in real life too?
sucks. why/how are you being forced into that?
in other news  y'all gonna make me get back online just to see this lookin' ass kitty vid. *shakes fist*
i hate  the line.  i also hate the loud  wheel of fortune  sound bc that usually indicates a spin and everybody rushes over. nosy.
not w/ praline  yo. damn. pure defecation on my breakfast.
you don't have a mac? i'm super shocked  especially w/ the line of work you're in. macs piss on pcs  all day  urrday.
for serious? no fooling? fuck yeah!
okay  not more. but equally.  i'd welcome a moby dick shooter  if it doesn't have a lot of cut scenes...
#tcot if i only had the time. i hate it when conservatives say stupid things that make us all look bad.
ugh! that sucks! do you know if they found it? stresssss :( i'm sorry
i swear michael scott-esque loser somehow infiltrated your acct & bought lots of womens pantsuits & fur coats there.
hehe...that's too funny. reminds me of when a student drew a picture of a 'pigpen' as a pig atop a pencil. :)
i freakin hate that and anyone that knows me this is a top peeve of mine!!
haha! well cyprus bank's web interface sucks... so i'm considering trying out alpha bank. also my landlord has alpha bank... lol
maybe there's no snow  but there's a little bit of mud when it rains  and there's kat/dog poo and piss on the streets... lol
btw  have you seen school rumble? it's fucking silly and stupid  but awesomely hilarious. i'm half-way through the first season.
damn right mami!
totally agree on ac/dc. they are damn near the perfect rock n roll band.
sucks about the van. any mechanics you know owe you favors? also  thankee sai for the package! got it a couple days ago.
no worries man.  'twas a question from me but  $800 later  i found out what the problem was.  stupid fucking fuel pumps!
bwahahahahah!!! now you know why i had to take extensions on my damn documentation projects!! stupid twitter! *kicks his gf's pc*
that majorly sucks! sorry to hear it. i'd be sooo pissed for days! do you have insurance on it?
the new digitally animated one kicks much ass i think its called degeneration.
it's a necessary part of growth to shed the fat that was piled on during the boon of th 80s. #hhrs #tcot
damn those cute puppies!! how many gadgets i have lost for them.
that site just tells me i am fat  lol
it's all about filtering. in addition to being less fat  my main 09 resolution is to be mindful about how i spend attention.
lol and thanks for the challenge  but i think i need to be a little less fat first. didn't know  @karrock was local?
mr big dick daddy 4rm cincinnati....ooooowwwww!!!!
may have to end up getting a mac myself... and an iphone... although just can't get used to the touch screen. fat fingers.
yep  i hate working with threads.
 @johnwilliams713 i hate you both.
actually i think we all hate this weather so everybody just stays in all the time
while searching for leather binders for their bibles  they use the joy of gay sex as an insert. handy.
shit i hate the tough questions. is maybe a valid answer?
no he's a cunt and wants a web site!
fuck i forgot. will watch now.
well fuck.....
i remember trying one of those when my teen was a little one.  those damn tents make u wanna commit murder!
i was up till 2 am messin wit toys and batteries.  now i got a lil t-rex making noise in my house.  damn noisy toys.
stay warm  kyle. that sucks. we were lucky to get ours back today.
hahaha... i guess i m loser now. i dont go out much! when i get my new job  maybe i will visit longhis :)
thanks... you are the sweetest! :) are they fat free?
myspace does not hate you.
that sucks i hope u can get out of it...where did u apply to?
often i feel like the only jew who does not equate  political criticism of israel's actions  and  hate for all jews .
vote or die  bitch!
oh wow dude thst one hell of a kick ass mission!
i hate to hear about all the accidents. people need to slow down and be more careful and even more so during the holiday season.
dead ass lol
ooooh! don't make me come out there now! whatchoo know about silk's freak me? nah wait...you need to lose control first
i have you beat - amazon and a bunch of poser stores email me too haha
i hate to tell you this; your good name is being used for phishing! you should change your password. http://status.twitter.com/
damn. that is tired.
btw i saw your gift last night. you are going to freak out.
well then get some damn sleep ya dumbass! lol
omg! to damn funny. u need 2 video that shit. lol
i hate you.
damn twitter.  sheez...
its freaking me out. 1999 wasn't long ago. but 10 years. fuck.
i hate blackbird cause it's never enough food
after that aired on cnn  my mom wrote me an email asking i knew about emo and if i was ok...wat
those damn kids ruin it for all of us!
yep! hate life right now. he is a computer hacker geek stay @home dad whom they had to move out of state!(she's a dr.) long story~
cont. i would get embarraced  i didnt do drugs but was like a huge man with what i could handle?sucks i guess if i wanted to ; )
wow... i feel like a real loser now! ; ) haha  better get my but in gear!
thank you  thank you.  i would hate to get banned from either  but. phew! my bad...
hate to say it to you or hurt your feelings  justine  but your steelers are going down next weekend!
damn.  next thing you'll be telling me  rumple of the bailey isn't a documentary.
way to hate on me before 7 am!! yes  and to all you tweets...i made the lightening mcqueen cake.
y do u post pictures of fat girls all the time.  does it make u feel better?
lol fuck it &#58126;
what up freak nasty.
damn! good job.
 fuck the recession 
hate you...it's freezing here...my nipples will freeze off before i get home
slut...just pelvic thrust anyone
god that show sucks...
will do :) ha i don't mean to sound gay but i have no layers in my hair after tour so well see how it goes ha
she ain't a bitch i'm just pretty awesome
nah  i just think i deserve it. sometimes  you have to reward yours. its been 3 years since my fat boy days
omg. i kist realized ... i hope work doesn't think i'm calling in gay.
cunt!!!! i love you!!!!
i'm so fucking sick of being easily disposed of.  what's wrong with me kitty kat?
thanks kitty....... and hey  i'm thinking of calling in gay tomorrow too!
but u have to process the milk in some fashion to cut the fat content in half
wait  you hate hfcs but you drink diet coke?  head asplode.
like fuck i am.
i'm your fucking da and i'm not gonna come in tomorrow :)
ninjas kick ass they dont rape ass unlike pirates
why the fuck wouldn't you?
as a former newspaper man i have to tell you that i see no reason for a bailout. then again i hate bailouts in general.
that pc thing is fucking awesome
make sure it matches. i hate furnaces that clash with the house. sainless steal or gold go with anything.
that sucks man! hope you start feeling better. i hope you and your family have a very merry christmas!
but i agree that walmart sucks :)
i'm doing both. and it sucks. but i've got a lot done (work-wise) & then will spend the day finishing some christmas stuff
and let the merciless fun-making of the latin nerd commence....now.
the winner eats the blintz  and the loser(s) watch the winner eat the blintz. marquess of queensbury rules apply. en garde!
yah  but you get to tweet from your couch or bed or whatever.  i gotta sit on this hard chair on my computer i hate.
i hate to hear that... please let me know if you have any issues with the return and i'll remedy... because i can :)
i relate to that kind of thinking. i hate eating salads (but i eat them anyway) and i feel i'm justified to reward myself!
if the damn vikings  would have won yesterday like the should have  this game wouldn't matter.
the libertarian case for gay marriage.  http://tinyurl.com/2f6xbm
that sucks.  gg was fantastic this week
had to document it just incase i was going mad myself. and i don't even like cock. what are they trying to suggest?
fag face
i'll have to work on that one.  ass clown is a solid contender.
damn i want some frenchys... a 3 piece white with fries and cornbread.
instead of letting a couple of million people live for 60 years as  prisoners  and thereby indirectly nurturing the hate.
scary? yes. it's also really fucking cool. it reads like science fiction.
i also just got emma as well. i've been a lit nerd too long not to have read austen. i have shame regarding this.
here's some cock for u http://twitpic.com/rrvm
actaully  after you sent that i had to sit down for dinner.  hate to break it to you  but grandma said you had to leave.
they'd have had flying cars by 2015  too. i want my damn flying car  dammit.
it's pretty damn similar  that (bass?) guitar part  at least. i owe you something nice for this  btw.
mosey is a whore for attention.
what's happening brotha? i'm good. been a busy day getting ready for my big fat free bootcamp manana! how about you?
lol so much for one huge ass exp. btw did you publish anything official yet?
fat browser? tell me more! like gos/cloudos?
it is less that 2 feet from the front to back. 3.5 wide from left to right. small ass desk
i'm actually refreshing wil wheaton's blog right now to find out about his incredible announcement. i just can't help my inner nerd.
thanks  nerd.
damn  you beat me to that example. :) #journchat
fuck that  this hot winter is awesome.
yep  i hate paying taxes too and the more i make the more i pay  but it's part of life and not a waste of money.
... that is funny... not two seconds ago  somebody walked by office and said  i hate winter!   lol
just another day  money to be made  got my hater blockers on for those haters who goin hate... thats how im feeling today.
i just use the standard twitter site and it's tough.  :p  would hate to find another addiction to go along with this one.
that's why hatemail is so hilarious!  i love hate mail!
people that want to make sure that you know that they hate hate hate lolis
i love how every forum has someone fall over themself to make sure that everyone knows they hate lolis/moe/fansubs/mecha/yaoi
damn ... that sounds real appealing now. maybe geothermal coupled with wind and solar ... tho maybe heat coils take too much power
 @themadmat damn ... well then it was definitely worth a second mention. sure looks good!
did you see the dick/rich video yet?  http://tinyurl.com/697e3g
i wish i had a christmas vacation.  damn facbook and its holiday perks!
i hate that i couldn't guess mj  that songs an obvious classic. guess i need to take some time and listen to the 70s groove.
i think they'd say fuck you right back lol.
i hate when you get stuck out in the cold wearing cons.
this should have ended months ago  sucks.
he said don't hate....
yeah. it's ugly! and their rebounding sucks!
i always fall on ice! it's my third time this winter! ugh i hate snow sometimes.
go pkzwrt's hommy barry's ex-scharrel de lijst regelaares! (damn!)
sonic cd and the lunar games... might also try to go for third world war and popful mail if i absolutely lose my fucking mind.
hey praying for u man. i hate strep
i didn't think about drinking every time she said  maverick.  damn. could have done it every time she talked about energy  too.
cool. i live in seattle where the wind pretty much sucks (it's like san diego  but northier). so  i usually go to hawaii 4 my fix
i heard traffic going to fart chips land!!! some crazy ass accident
stop being a pussy. you look hot.
uh  i don't really have a people preference. la comes in last (hate the sprawl  lack of transportation  etc  it's not a  city ).
yup  those are kick ass.  great job.
that sucks beans. what will give it the zest of life? the bite of beautiful fruit? even the audacious appeal of deliciousness?
we lose perspective living around so many fit austinites. i freak every time im in htown b/c of all the public smokers.
damn... i was just thinking of a cablazo this morning.
fight the good fight. i sympathize. i hate to update! and w p is goshzillions better than what i had!
hey umm.. talisa  even tho i don't give a rats ass bout this shit   | talisa  the damn monkey mail doesn't come on monday lol
imma be as nice as possible alrite. talisa how the fuck do i kno? do i watch da disney channel' ? uhh. . noo nigga lol
thats not cold. its 4 fucking degrees here with a wind chill of -5! thats damn cold!
damn  you twitter like crazy!
oh ok..so technically u dont need that specific class...ok cuz i was about to say 2010  wtf? not for some dick lmao
i hate the iphone censorship  as i use the words that are auto-corrected to  shot  and  duck  quite frequently.
that is a massive fail. (i am being facetious  here.) i hate low-calorie anything  & it shows. lol
already looking at 5 shows so damn excited hope to do spac
cool - i've arrived. it's about damn time too....merry christmas doll!
saw that cunt thrown in
 @jackienopants i an wistfull that it will happen soon..damn sick of being on my own...one more week an counting
meant 60s vaguely-lived in one 1980-91  still connected somewhat. would you live that way again? i hate too many mtgs!
it's 53 here and supposed to be 25 by noon. talk about a drop in tempature. the wind was howling all night. i hate winter!
did you just call your mum a cunt? :o
mega pig out foodie session for you today!
you mean gmail contacts doesn't hate me personally? i'm relieved! (though i don't get a forbidden  it just keeps loading forever)
ballin! on another note i hate nursing school why do i have to sit here and learn about the latest forms of birthcontrol wth!
oh  i hate those things! can you imagine if you were color blind  or dislexic (sp?).
don't you hate that! bl is always on when i'm eating dinner and having my relax drink. ugh!
u gave me ur insomnia im drinkin mountain dew and blastin 50cent  i've lost my damn mind.
sadly i did have ideas stolen  more than once so now i'm a paranoid freak about it ... but i trust you  you like legos.
that gem fucking with santogold and kanye west is fucking sick! love it.
the man has talent and makes some damn good music. but he overrates himself sometimes.
dammit miller  that was from jes again...justin likes to auto log in on this damn crack site and i forget. doh!
...eatin' brownies like a retard! meah!
new hampshire. they have receieved a reported 'metric ass ton' of snow. how's detroit hanging in there?
that cole lyric made me think of: i'm a kreep  i'm a loser you're so very special  i wish i was special. http://zi.ma/373a67
well  it's  @elysiumgwj 's turn. noone takes  @certis seriously  and  @demiurge and  @gwjrabbit get the hate mail all the time.
i hate milk! egg nog sounds gross may b i'll try it this yr. u can mix it with amaretto...that i may do.
&  @vichick: i feel as tho i spend every weekday waiting 4 the weekend. then i spend the weekend dreading the damn work week.
um...sorry  yatty. hate shopping this time of year. do everything online. good luck  though!
that would freak me out if all my cards suddenly stopped.
i hate it when they do that :3
ya. luckly that hasn't happened in years. sucks backing a semi just over half a mile.
californication is about fucking  and how awesome it is to be david duchovny and fuck hot young girls. which is probably true.
broke freezing my ass off with -1 temps & ice lol.  ross
putting pants on sucks lol. ross
not 2 fuck up my life. ross
i hope u had a kick ass day.  ross
the  need work may have a piss test  curse
man im coming to santos tonight  ya'll sound like having a funky good time on a snowy ass day let alone a good day im there
http://twitpic.com/xn5j - i want to suck your hard cock ....untie you and cum all i over my  face over lord saltan.
i'm just getting over my sickness. it sucks. feel better.
i know...it sucks. tomorrow night!
i know! to be fair he's been working on law school apps all day. i already hate law school and he hasn't even started yet! :)
i kno u hate me but r u ok? im always here for u if u need me.
during the week i'm more blk polo/cargo pants/white runners kinda guy. i pull out the nerd stuff for those who appreciate it.
tired as fuck and wish i was with you right now!
im jealous lol.  u better protect the penis at all times i dont care how cute you thought she was lol hate hate hate
it's dry with fruit tones. used to hate anything but clicquot before i tried korbel natural...
it is? i have been cybershopping for everything this year. i hate going into the store. amazon.com is my retailer of choice. ;-)
i mix the low fat vanilla w/ the toffee to save some calories.
when we played the star wars drinking game  pat chose to drink whenever the robots acted gay. he was trashed 10 minutes in.
dude  the melodramatist would be a good stage name for an emo musician. or a magician. i think you could do either! :-)
yep. have some kind of infection in my foot. might be gout. sounds gross! hurts tho & i hate meds. make me sleepy! how you?
i hate moping. it's horrible. mum makes me mop the kitchen floor sometimes and i always want to dieeeeeeeee.
yeah. the name didnt mean anything to them lol. i dun got death threats  hate mail. been blocked by people i dont even know lmao.
- there there *hugs* nobody sucks in relationship. maybe it's about timing and the people :) it's ok.
- uh... fail whale? what fail whale? *whistling non-chalantly*
lmao  yea i know i hate it d:
figures...i hate when channels advertise for other channels...
gah. hard to know which team to hate more. usually the bears  but maybe not this year.
well  damn  i thought we'd come to florida. (dream on  karen.)
i gave up on lighting hell this year. got a 9 ft. pre-lit fake.  love the smell of real but hate creating demand for tree killin'
o zacky i'm sorry that sucks!
oi vey...sorry about the plumbing-i was standing in 2inches of water in my basement last night.  merry fucking holidays :-)
that's one thing i noticed when i first installed it too. damn thing took over my preferences.
lucky me  no snow in hazel park at least not yet. 2 inches expected . daily fat burning walk to the end of my driveway  again.
ooh  that sucks! maybe it'll still turn up though. i've had pkgs get lost only to be found 3 wks later.
that sucks. my flight was delayed an hour. what terminal are you at?
damn why doesn't thwirl have spell checker?? but actually the ones the girls decorated are a bit on the mean side  hard to ice smiles
(avec un retard de 5 heures) bonjour semio!
omfggg facebook's being such a cock tonight.
i'm gonna use meebo and use it for my aim account. i need to update too. i'm being such a lazy-ass xd
thanks!  i hate not being able to do what i know is simple.  i'll dm her and deal with this tomorrow.
ur not emo becka
fuck em.... youre a nice guy.
i'm going to read so that i hate myself a little less.
i'm sure!! i despise cleaning  although i'm an organization freak!
that's what sucks: i don't actually get to do it. i just had to prove i could plan it out. -kaycee
a day like that'll make anyone a bitch  though. -kaycee
you need to eat more beets and freak them out next time.
i've been using thunderbird but am damn near ready to chuck it. too many smtp problems. three different servers points to client.
 @steph125 says fag... no one likes jacob...  and im starting to  question ur 2nd to last twitter...
it contains 610 calories  330 from fat...
#name?
#name?
for the record  it's fucking freezing...
during hurricane ike our power was out for 5 days  others for 2 weeks or more.  it really sucks after day 2.  uggg  be well.
call guiness...the book not the beer.  you may be the 2008 iphone app king-o-rama gold medal winner. how many do you hate all in?
downey is a freak of actor nature - he makes every character magnetic.  it was a winner.
they are hungry for democracy - most westerners are fat  happy  complacent.  brave new world v. 1984. pleasure beats pain.
thank u! and damn that's a super long list.
it is one of my lesser performances. iz kinda like fat elvis vs. young elvis.
why do i look so fat?
the snow storm you're having could possibly be the same one we had friday it was horrible like 20-30cm of snow. i hate metrics
damn that sounds so good i got fat just reading it  haha.
yes  one of my fave movies... of... alll.... fucking time!
damn.  that is a beautiful car.
yup!  fat albert is next
thanks  i'll give it a try... just took a sudafed even tho i hate taking meds while preggers....see if that helps
man up pussy. no smokes for u!!
you hate is soooo cute though. &#9786;
oooh i had the sneezes for three days.  dr. said it was going around but i had no other symptoms.  i hate to sneeze1 fine now.
you went to the fisher house? that is so cool! we finally made it to la! 9 hours in the car sucks.
just got it in !! quick little 15 min with a run up 6 flights !!! damn that cold air almost couldnt breathe !!
 @homebasenyc alice don't believe anything this kid says !!! i hate him  but only cause i love him so much..*sigh*
i know! will it ever end? i hate these weekend renovators  it goes on for years!
being a control freak... it's like mental therapy to do stuff like ann's.
i hate doing laundry period
hate mobileme...but i host my website on there...
i hate the nod drivin. i got it about -10 in here & tryin 2 stay btwn the lines. jesus help me!
yeah  send me ur wii number and kart number. ill send you mine. i will be happy to hand u ur ass in some kart soon.
unfortunately it's just beginning.  i hate winter too.
i hate my white trash christmas outfit its terrible i look terrible and fat in it.  i dont know if i can do it.
are we going to see u in 2 wks?  sorry life sucks (move to fla! you know it would be fun)
finally someone reviews death proof and understands the film and why it's fucking awesome.
you have to work tomorrow... sucks. balls. are you working today?
damn how much did we end up with on the ground?
are you saying it's a gift for people you feel little emotion for cuz i gave some to  @ggilmore and he's my private dick... detective!
damn....i'm totally food aroused right now. hot!
headed back to nc thursday. today dc american history museum. i'll be the extra fat one in too small jeans. ah holidays...
i will vent/blog/whine about my poor character judgment skills  and ponder all the jollities a divorce has to offer. and be emo.
like dick cheney has an issue maybe?
i haven't seen the movie but i read the book and sobbed. but i already know i'm a nerd.
you're content coz you have the kooks!!! they're so damn feel good!
weird. i read online that they helped. it could be this kind of apple too  they are pretty sweet. damn!
thanks! sucks.. its hard for me to let go of players that have been on the team since i started watching lol
no prob.. that's a good point! =( man this sucks...
you're so lucky! then again its understandable with the weather over there. still lucky. i hate school =(
i'm finally beginning to think that maybe i'm not so alone out here in nerd-land =)
oh lots of them.  i mostly want the snow to look at and play in here.  not big into skiing or boarding :p i'm a total loser!
damn!! man tell me her name :d
because someone that im not friends with anymore bought the shoes that i want just to piss me off. but im better now.
that sucks just saying ~*krystle*~
well i'm sure you'll feel better w a little jizz in your pants over heath. btw  jizz was so not this year's dick in a box!
will have 0the radio on monday 4 all ur favorite xmas tunes! paybks r a bitch and so am i. *kate souter*
fucking beautiful shoes.
i'm giving you a heart cuz i'm assuming this is me and byron  if not i hate u but here &lt;3
cool buddy!   @tomvenuto 's new book the body fat solution gets released on thursday if you can help let me know
yo scott   @tomvenuto is launching body fat solution book on friday...  any chance you can mail that day my friend?
and people are always telling me they hate research ha ;)
sucks your sick on x-mas.  hope you're feeling better.  drink lots of egg nog...  w/ rum!
#name?
pause and type quick notes  then edit at the end. i'd use a recorder but i hate transcribing. it's really helped my typing speed.
it's colder here. i hate snow.
sucks that the source link is wrong
#name?
finally it took too damn long
i love fat albert!
but is it colder than penguin pussy?
at least i didn't get the candles that i stole...stolen.  i lucked out. the case of fat boys was also popular this year.
marerockcity fuck yes!  that's great have a safe drive
i'm so dropping the ball today homie. i'm like damn near dead  i'm so tired. reschedule??? sowwwyyyy
i know you hate cold weather  but if you get to see snow in indy  i will be jealous! i haven't seen snow in foreverrr.
safe travel tomorrow..back to reality--it sucks  i know..
damn..impressive
good morning alexa!  go kick some ass!!
i could never hate you!  :-)
yeah. time zones are a bitch.
whoa you said cunt.. that kinda turned me on ;)
awwww im sorry to hear i know you and steph were so excited to move too :( i hate your neighbors sooo much!!!
don't hate!
believe me most domainers hate parking their domains. what evidence do you have supporting your allegations?
a friend of mine in history class. he's the best friend of the (closet) gay guy that wants to go out with me.
we say the same things cause we're fucking cool. you know how we roll. love you like a fat kid loves cake.
michelle is laughing her ass off as i am currently telling her the stories of last night.
thanks! this is the only thing that sucks about tourns.. playing 3 long grinding session for nothing.
yo yo. so  i emaled you about the 30th you study nerd.  :-)  let me know if that works!  xoxo
fuck yes.
good. you're flooding my inbox like the cedar river in june. bitch i don't know your life.
omg omg omg i am so happy to see you on here! we're gonna have some fucking kickass fun. fasten your seatbelt pussycat.
i personally hate all of narrow stairs. however  the hold steady is great  you're right.
the commercials are just so damn cute! haha.
i have a headache too... hate having head aches...
what kind of math are you studying?  just curious.  (i'm a nerd i guess...)
ha! not the stomach ache part the big and fat part
haha  fat chance! night! lovelovelove!
damn right i'm interested. i run beastsoftheeast.com
damn! i guess... well... cough cough... i... *smiling*
fucking brilliant mate! well done.
i can't believe you're still having internet issues.  pain in the ass!
damn that sounds good.  i love hush puppies!
why you being so emo?!
congratu-fucking-lations  miss jenna!
dick rydeeeerrrrssss
episode 4 fuck boy
i wish i didn't own it  it just takes up space here...i haven't even ever unboxed it  i hate games :p (jk  jk)
don't hate me. i bought the coldplay ep.
i hate planes...just try to sleep. have a safe trip!
ouch that sucks.. sorry i wouldn't even know of one in cleveland.  i will stick with guitars.
i agree  tooooo damn cold!
so u hate christmas 2?
damn - i'm really in trouble now. but i always like to take risks and clearly this is going to be one for me...thx for checkin!
yes... think about how many 32 oz cups of poison were sold this morning  2go with hearty breakfasts of fat & carbs.
sounds great  what time should i be there? oh  i hate garlic  can u leave it off my broccoli? kthxbai &#58389;
hey mr.b!  i'm having a nerd fest at the moment playing w/ my new google chrome.  how's life with you?
there are a few good knitting videos on youtube. a combo of those  stitch n bitch  and nice neightbor ladies taught me :)
jealous. want. (but getting to places sucks so bad right now.)
don't hate!
haha  i only buy candles that smell like cupcakes... or cookies... i'm so fat.
ha ha ha ha damn good :d
i was *sure* i told you both at the wedding...damn that open bar!
its fucking terrible my friend and i left
nope. i fell on my ass on the way home.
it is our wedding anniversary today.  he got me nothing. not even a damn card. so he should go and get me donuts!  lol
oh man. you would love(or hate) my bacon chocolate.
re:magpie  yeah  like i want to piss off everyone following me on twitter for whatever they decide to send me  up to.... 
i had planned to pick up the kids early  but i'm sitting on my ass now surfing the net...
do you really make them  guzzle  cum?
make jon do his own damn homework... or you should at least get an honorary degree when he graduates...lmmfao
not disagreeing. just sick of mid-major whining. yep  situation sucks. whining doesn't help nor prove a bcs team is undeserving
i am pro-gator  not anti-anyone else. i just hate when people are asinine jerks. :)
i hate that road. crappy. reminds me of joburg. and then every1 is angry when they hit sir lowry's pass. . kuck
whore! happy putin day! you think putin is half as hard to kill as rasputin? get it? fuck. i'm funny.
don't you just hate working that early  i hate it with a passion.
! jingle fucking bells ! how is christmas next wk?  where does the time go?
hey. no  fuck beans.   it's friday. get your party pants on  dude.
doesn't he look a little like a more masculine  less crackhead version of andy dick?
 @joeschmitt hey  thanks~ i missed you too! i didn't get any cock* in my face for new year's.  (*fvrd)
awesome. wouldn't have been near as funny w/o his contagious laughter or all the ass authorities making comments...
you hate france? are you there now? why? is it french boy?
damn  we're in a tight spot
that new almost law sucks. i understand wanting to protect  but we aren't chinese imports!
lol  that's what i do. i hate wearing jeans at home  plus the ankles get all cold and wet cause of the snow!
lol  she fell a couple of times and i already kind of hate the walking thing... i can tell i'm gonna love running. haha.
that sucks. hope you feel better soon.
well that just sucks no matter how you look at it! try & have a good day..
that is screwed up u set their ass straight! tell them u will send them a free  dvd  w/ their order..haha
checking their catalogue now and damn that a fine list of products they have.
before i click on your link there  i just want to say that i am who i am and if that offends  ive done my fucking job. =)
well  i don't get out to places like that much. the  big ass  burger should have been the first clue to the lever of classy tho.
i remember as a kid i use to love this serial and sofa cum bed episode was the discussion topic next day in school
overall  biz/mktg/pr but still toward the beginning - lot of basic 101s. the one i hate is art. odd since i'm an artistic type
- trying to remember the on-shore fields from late 90's - bu hasa  habshan - damn! cannot remember the rest - good times!
bollocks fuck tits wank cunty cunter.......there you go now i'm worse than you....should buy you a few more naughty words....
thanks :)  but damn  i need to work on this!! you're the second person in a span of 7 days who's told me i'm unlike me :|
fuck i'm following him now stfu haha
i don't feel bad. i'm working my ass trying to get some gifts this year  its been a while. weather i succeed or not  i tried.
for some damn reason i can't no freakin idea  my blocks haven't been working right lately
and we need to make more spooky cock-tail! what flavor v8 did we use?
its nearly 8pm mon...coming to u from the future and it looks damn great (madhouse prerequisite = a healthy dose of insanity)
you make me look extremly lazy and fat. haha.
damn dan im online... am i nobody? :-(
just read about your dad's heart issues & knee surgery. i had cardiac crisis last summer +prior freak knee. will share help..
exactly how does it rain like a bitch? i've always wondered....
damn  something else i wish i would have come up with...genius!!
...aww....that sucks...i was looking forward to all 80....oh well....60 will have to do...
holy hell! up against a brick wall behind a dumpster is my fucking dream  i swear. used to rp that one for the boys on the net  haha
#name?
cum cloape??
wb. cum e pe la munte?
most soy yogurt tastes like ass. but whole soy & co is *delicious* - even my cats love it: http://veganom.com/
heading to get the pig soon.
your damn night! i wish i had 666 followers.
is it really called gay movie? is it pron?
yeah..very!  i haven't done anything last night bcoz of that! i hate challenges...cant sleep if i turn one down.
toldja. actually  the whole thing gets less emo at some point in the archives. and i feel like it's getting even better.
damn  i miss the mark show sometimes. :-)
http://itweet.net/web/ kicks some serious ass.
i don't think brits are religious enough to care. and i hate the  causes  app. just a great way to annoy me with shit
thats last years line up?? really oooooo well that sucks lol
oh damn... lol then ill send them when you have a comp or something lol. do you have verizon or no?
i'll let you know when i find out.  if it sucks i'm going to play it up even more so i won't be the only sucker.
mht. klatrev&#230;g kan du m&#229;ske hive fat i  @solberg - han er friluftsmand og tidligere ansat i en spejder sport :)
i like when you do that!  :-)  you always look so damn cozy & cute
 you look nice today  makes me want to cut my ears off  but then i laugh my ass off & it's worth it all
damn  give me some dude!  me like the generals poultry!
i guess the difference lies in your assumption that gay is  behavior  vs mine that it's an inborn trait  like left-handedness
being gay is not a  behavior ! until you alter that misperception it will be difficult for you see why gays are upset re rw
and if i'm lucky my whole town will shut down and i wont have to work and deal with shitty ass ppl tomorrow :)
ack.. doncha hate when it happens like that tho.. its been killing me here..
i can give you some tips on how to slut it up  if you'd like.
damn  now i'm hungry
thank god you said that-my friends think i'm a freak. also weird-i have to wear high heels when i play drums or my foot cramps up
hahahahaha rotfl! aww that was a damn funny slip up :)
well mt #spokane is open 7days a week now so its the perfect time.  btw i dont hate on skiers.. just talk a little shit :d
i feel like a damn fool i brought two winter coats to atlanta..and for what? its hot down here
please don't make me explain every time i say something to piss you off. you fall for it every time.
word  they're in the way. always grabbing the ankles and needing food/care. fuck babies.
those muggs are still kick ass though. look! http://tinyurl.com/8ecw8m
if you hate it...you may need to look for new friends in baltimore. :)
that sucks.  do they have free wifi there at seatac?
oh.. you are not even at the party yet?  damn...   them's good lemon drops.
got the  fail whale  once already today... :/
um...wow...tough one... maybe  two or three people? (and even then  it better be for a damn good reason...;))
tell b-mo speed gon whoop his ass! lol
sorry for your billing probs--i totally hate those sort of messes...good luck!
ifeel like a nerd saying that  but its true. i've put down lawns  put in bushes  but they always die bcuz ihave no connection
aww that sucks...im sorry. what a way to start the morning.
i fucking love elf! ''santa! i know him''
 @gblnetwkr well  we'll see. they claim  adaptive charging  will keep it going for 1000 full charges. me = guinea pig. ;)
be ready? well damn. yes sir  i will be ready!
damn!!!!! that could take a while!......i don't think any of my groupie's would confess anything. okay  maybe one! lol
i hate technology  but it makes life easier. the problem is when technology messes ^. take an online course & ur computer messes up
this is the first day that it has really kicked my ass.  i am determined so i am considering alternatives.
i pronounce sql:  suckwell . php:  fip  jpg:  pig  (silent j). i also speak fluent klingon.
what if you hate wrestling jaja or dont like it... is it still good?
fuck that i have had some gin some vodka and i think andrew got me rum and coke.
fuck off and die! thought i would counteract your enthusiasm.
ok  you figured me out. damn!
have you tried  out of africa?  fun s. african food in sugar land. location sucks...check it out before it's gone.
besides  if you can hate something great like rush  i can hate something horrible like john stockton.
lochness: yea  he did a good job of getting shunned if not his ass kicked for sometime
hope you're not getting a full fluoride. hate that. good luck!
santa is italian.  it's a fact  (the pasta made him fat like me)
psh i better be getting a damn good tip!
lmao. vista isn't that bad. i did hate it  but on this computer i love it. you just need a faster laptop. still using my n ...
get your ass home lol
he was so fucking cute this morning! i didn't want to leave :)
how sweet...glad i could step up and be the the ass this morning!
is the xbox controller involved in that to-do list? if so  i'm jealous. damn you  productivity!
that's why there's the phrase  kick more ass  exists.
even worse :-( you like them more..fucking tits and what not
damn  missed the first half-hour and we don't pick up film4+1. :( will have to content myself with family guy instead.
damn! that gets rid of the badge but the name still stays! oh well  thanks for the tip!
hate when that happens..glad you guys are getting settled in
goes for lawyers  too!   this is why they hate us  we're only as good as our worst. 
damn i cant get it then  i dont wanna upgrade to 2.2 cuz then i lose my jailbreak
it was a coded message to  the world that her music sucks..or maybe corey hart?
well  i'm not sure how the thing is in my finger  but there was some drinking on a cold cold cold roof and i got emo.
i'd bet a tasty fucking twix (tm) that such fanfic exists...only it's fetish slashfic involving the guardian of forever.
that sucks...there are however some decent comic shops in dallas. and many half-price books. mecca for cheap trades.
yes  mixed my own margaritas with freshy squeezed lime juice! they kicked ass!
i blogged about my fail whale loyalty last night! on http://refinedgeek. com
ahh damn. im babysitting at my neighbors now. are yall staying in town or going back to the city after?
interesting concept but i agree with  @couture freak i don't think that's beneficial to u.
well i havnt got any hate mail from mcr yet so i dont think they mind.
i hate getting confused lol.
thanks very much! it was a lovely day. getting older sucks less than i was led to believe. :-)
that sucks   @krkipp99 plays this game called cube crash that she really likes. you should check it out.
the thing that sucks is if i did not have to work today i really could of slept in because the kids are gone
 @ryan_b yup. the design sucks. i wonder if chris bangle had anything to do with it. lol. (joke for the purests out there)
i hate when my internet connection messes up.  i am glad yours is working better now. :-)
yeah  this is what this fucking show always does to me. this setup should be cool  but i know -- know! - it will suck.
damn! my breath actually stopped as i thought you'd done that.
i love you so damn much.
hi best fucking friend!! reply me jaja  i love you motherfucker!!! mua!! or ck4u!
http://twitpic.com/t9za - ouch! god damn ray..that looks painful..maybe you should use a pic? lol
that sucks!  can you still walk around or is your balance fubar?
ha! that's awsome  i'm just right at prime so i'm at 4% before this drop  3.5% is pretty kick ass.
i estimated how many hours it would take to redo the program  added on 50% because my estimation sucks and calculated from there.
lmao......... u starting sh*t already... ha! it's only 2:30pm there  right! oh the hate. well  i love you dear :-)
to b more complete (if u r twittering hugh): i don't think hugh jackman is gay.
there r things i'm happy about  just not in the xmas spirit. but thanks 4 the pity and smart ass comments.
:-( it sucks running on no sleep :-(
awww that sucks sir. sorry about that. at least u still have twitter :)
- i know  right!? it's lammmeee. except  i'd love her too.she's hot. and funny. you're right. i hate my life.
bitch forced me on the scale!!! she should be happy i didn't hve my glock!!!!!!
i'd sweat my ass off!
i srsly hate you for getting that stuck in my head. :)
they all live in the town in which i grew up  which i hate. so i'm not sure we would get along now. willing to give it a chance tho.
yeeah  i'm a youngin' it sucks. i'm on the quest for a good one. no luck yet  though
ugh  aj is a fucking douchebag. he was wasted  of course and just really obnoxious. they weren't bad  but they weren't good=/
yeah i dropped by on the way home. sucks man! but you can tell they were amateurs
i hate that.  i want people to be healthy...but clearly not when it's an inconvenience to me.
overanalying stuff. case in point  the reviews for hot rod. i lov it  they  hate it. but it's different strokes for differnt folks
you should check this post out: what to designers hate about people in their field: http://bit.ly/f8ld
damn i missed the cupcakes!
i just want the damn latkes
damn. maybe we'll just reschedule this game night since it seems too busy for people - ohhhh well! :)
it pretty much sucks. he really didn't wait at all with looking did he?
hmmm maybe but i hate my voice...
still gettin my ass whooped on wii by mom. ur better off than i  sir.
err:508
i have to go to the sprint so...oh wait do i really? but when will i have time to go during the week. fuck me!
damn! i don't pray but i hope she gets well very soon!
now that damn song is in my freaking head! fuck. * does that dance again * hahaha im out night!
i hate the million different windows open to chat. that's why i abuse twitter!
that's fair.  in the meantime  may i also recommend skinny cow mint-chocolate cones?  low in fat  but high in delicious!
i like your  about  section on your blog  i feel like my nerd and sweetheart side clash and complement each other too!
fuck ohz... im thinking about it!
damn. i left kahala in the dark with a glow stick. security kick out me and my girls.
the weather sucks right now
my last day is 12/31. we're having a kick-ass going away party...with fireworks and everything! come by.
http://twitpic.com/tr56 - do u all believe me now when i tell u this is the best freak show in town?!
once i reach law school i may call on you for your technical-cum-legal expertise. law bot sounds impressive!
i hate it when that happens.
thanks  that's the part that is so hard. hate to see my grandmother hurting.
nope  didn't sound like an ass :-)
so do so. though i recommend opting out gradually over several years - relatives freak out less then.
what do u wanna know? that i look like i just got caught stealing something??? i hate taking pictures.... this celeb ish is wack
ooops. i knew that! totally did (no sarcasm). i hate typos. my fingers are a mind of its own.
lmfao he's so cute tho seriously. im watching the air awards interviews omg so fucking cute &lt;3333
omg cum 2 short stak!1!!/
that sucks. i'll be sure to bring some when i visit.
should be in good company.  &lt;talking to self&gt;  hate this wireless keyboard... 
arghh! i hate being sick! i am praying for fast and full recovery with energy to spare!
damn that was supposed to be a reply.  anyway i'll have a couple more i think  not sure what came out well.
i also saw an anti-gay sign re: protesters
that sucks. im sorry.
 @paulcarr  @mbites re demotix/i&p post comments: the ignorant shld read some history & the knowledgeable grow some fucking balls!
to damn (and dam) the spam  try otherinbox (http://otherinbox.com)  now in beta. it's perfect for that kind of email overload.
other than the slowskis  i find all of their ads annoying - but i hate most ads. long live dvrs
win an nba championship w/ what team? the knicks? damn right! ;p
ohhh i hate when that happens... but it's so worth it if it was a great party ;)
and the fat crow has left the nest; repeat  the fat crow has left the nest.
whos fucking who?
get ur lazy ass out of bed
make sure you update that os. luck bitch. t-mo gets the gasface with their lack of a new blackberry
yahoo! sports (i know...) mentioned sergio & travis for hak  conley & crittenton. damn  jerryd still might not get pt then...
dude  yer rooting around making a pig roast with no power.  who's rational?  lol
ok  you're swaying me.  i grew up on fat albert too.  it's all good stuff.  love to hear him say  groovy  in the 70's standup :)
yeah  cause his dick is a different size
i told you trial accounts were limited!  that sucks :(
you must have read mozart and the whale too?  asconn had jerry newport come to ct for a showing of the film a signing.
i love fishing - but i am a loser :d
as your personal stalker  i will be crashing your lunch tomorrow. um  where is it? damn  stalking is hard.
 @indiekid you guys look like...fuck too sick to come up with anything funny. i will let your outfits do the humor for me.
haha i wish. why so mac hate-y-ish?
then you should probably join the facebook piss up group that the council stopped.
thanks for the info.  but it's that fat rain that gets you really wet. i guessing swansea only has skinny rain but lots of it.
i love that movie it reminds me why i hate liberals
oh is that what they are? is that what magpie does? i will avoid like the plague. i hate the fb ads that they sneak into posts.
 @bosca been a geek is something i know i am proud off. a nerd i am not lol.
his ass does have shrines all over the southland.
hate to hear about your car. is it the transmission?
of course.  it scans perfect white.  but inking on mylar is a bitch for exactly same reasons as penciling on it is awesome.
do you ever get tiddly tweets? cos i'm destined 2b drunk fault of my gay 'uncles'
damn. i was there this morn.
oh fuck. christmas is next week???
staying home with my oh  the pooches  and the fireplace...finally! i rather hate going out on nye so i'm happy :)
i have three pairs on!! having low blood sugar sucks :(
only one of the best in children's musical entertainment. ;) she sings such hits as  pig on her head  &  we are the dinosaurs. 
so your grandpa doesn't have a fake one lying around? that sucks. :( what are you guys doing that day  will katie be coming?
now that is really wt  fat from lipo to power your car!
i fucking love u too and merry christmas eve babe...i can't handle this right now i have no where to go
thanks so much for the beyootiful christmas card - you're so gonna kick ass in 2009
i can't say for sure that the universe doesn't hate you  but i've had several problems too.
just wait.  it'll happen  then you'll think damn. michelle told me this would happen  not i'm old.  lol
it worked! i'm scared! jail sucks.
there is a theory that it eliminates neck fat through circulation. started doing in high school. lol. it worked! avid tapper!
that sucks  they could make more if they had both
i need some of that money to get some of that tryfe heatery...the freeway shit was booooooonkers!!! you killed that damn beat fam...
yesssssssssssssss...its funny cause i hate the weather...but im gettin ready to move back to michigan on tuesday where its worse ha!
hahahah is he at least hot? hahah. i can't wait to go home to see who this guy is haha. i hate creepy skeevy guys on myspace lol
mmm...pizza pie!  you know...papa murphy's sounds damn good right now.
because you just stated that there is a minimal chance zombs will invade  they will now! damn you romy!
you. your ass in tf2 now.
i hate it when that happens... i exposed 2 36-exposure undeveloped rolls before argh!
nope  pho pasteur  tho i just heard that they upped their price. xe lua sucks.
that sucks. i've escaped it so far  but you're right  everyone else seems to have it or getting it. i'm prolly next. yikes!
damn  scott just said naughty things
asian philosophy??? damn you must know how to game the ^-^ perfectly now
damn  sean and scott just cuttin heads out like some slumdogs
gow2 is really your game of the year? damn.. mine is left 4 dead without a doubt.
embedding/linking webkit is a pain in the ass... building it from source took me hours and i got 3 errors: no compile  no worky
oi you.  i'm no troll.  i sent you one damn tweet.
hey  73% growth in ebooks.  they could have been sitting fat if they'd raise their bets there!
damn! he is like the male rosie o'donnell.
just the movie.   @nallyo  @parsonsn  @umtrey not emo  i just wanted to see what the fuss was about.
haha it was great... i hate how the audio lags so badly though... it'd be more fun in real time lol
oh it was nothing huge  it is just time for me to get off my ass and go out there and start my life. get work in the field etc.
not sure if you saw him kissing his wife--dick clark moves pretty fast when he has to...
it's always too early for dick vitale.
my last tweet was supposed to be  @ you. damn twitteriffic reply system.
lol. that could work... he'd only lose like $1600 a year given how often the damn comic comes out
nick and nora? fuck yes. let me know when you're going.
damn  i should have made some music for work
mr.lydian @gmail.com. i'm not the most fun  but damn it i'm something!
isn't that the evil show about the witch and her husband and the large group of gnomes?  (i hate watching tv at my sister's.)
really! its price is tempting  but its network coverage sucks.&#58372;
damn but it right it doesn't shock me
i really hate it when i sneeze  burp  and hiccup at the same time d:&lt;
hahaha did he freak out?
dr. johnson says have some gatorade after a soak. i hate the taste of the stuff but it will replenish your electrolytes.
i don't get it with bet. i not one of those  i can't stand bet  folks but damn! why can't they get it right...lol
damn dude you stay on the road!...lol
oh lots.  lots and lots.  although in mi sometimes you might need the whale blubber for the cold.
at 4:30 in the morning  i was struck with revelations about a certain book we both know and i hate. check your email  yo.
midway sucks.
awww....me too! are u a cheese slut like me (u love cheese + anything) or are u a cheese snob (bergk&#228;se  affligem  anyone)? ;)
haha. that sucks though. if it's any comfort  i had a student break some of my xlr contact mics. gotta break out the iron now.
plz dont even talk about getting fat i put on  @ least 15 lbs its delishhhhh mad chocolate to the dome
i would agree with that! it would be funny if it wasn't pouring so damn much!
yes. i realized that my meter has gone from  wannabe cool hand luke  to  hulk smash!!!   but really! c'mon! video is my thing
yeah  it sucks. they would have so much fun in the snow right now. which i still don't want to go shovel and you can't make me!
i hate it too! mishel is going to do mine. :) she might do yours too  you just have to give her cash  credit cards & checkbook.
problem is having more than 1860 followers  it's hard not to piss someone off. i just worry it'll be someone i consider a friend.
its either that or get a new car. neither of which can i afford. im at a loss as 2 what 2 do. i feel helpless n i hate that!
- agreed  snow is fine  ice sucks (well  and all the silly drivers on the road) :)
i originally made them in the grill  but it's a new grill and i hate it  so when i discovered they were cold  i microwaved them.
fucking hell  i need to train!
i feel the same way. i am still full and i hate a couple of hours ago
evilbeet    wake up!!!! hahaa jus saw ur mesg on my phone. arent u happy that a complete retard like me is on ur side? haha
i dont care if he has a right to  hate  or whatever....smart hate is great. dumb hate is boring and annoying
ouch  why did you hate it?
next week? i'll be the biggest loser in the world until then. (what else is new)
what sucks?
midget only refers to the length of his dick *wink cuz i'd say that mug is about 4 feet and some change :o)
oh naps can be the death of your sleep  real shit lol. im gonna be up for a while my damn self :o(
 @nessarenee juicee that dick gone make u masturbate. watch what i tell you.
 @ nessarenee i mean that was either a pad or her white dick. shes nasty. but whats the song thats playing at the end
 @nessarenee  @cd87 juicee i should leave your ass  tellin' our business like that *rolls eyes and goes back to da co-na
hell naw! i don't do second chances at dick bc then if its bad  that's two wasted nights instead of one and i do not gamble! lol
it is so not beneath me to shake my ass! no cameras tho plz
its a little bit of both. my sister likes younger men so she can control them. meanwhile his retarded ass just does it smh
 @juiceegapeach yall the dick hit me in the eye all the way in nc. i think im in love with a gay man!
damn it i havent been sleep :(
i hate that commercial.  it makes me so mad.
ok cool  i'll figure it straight out in the morning..thank pat! big fat hug for you!{by the way  i loved your portable empire!!}
happy brithday dumb ass :) have a good one  you amazing person you ..lol
i hate the same thing talked about in 100s of blogs just slightly differently  giving no extra info. boring.
damn  miss that whitney too! you getting me in the christmas spirit...i didn't even put up a tree this year :(
i just hate college  evryday especially...:p
absolutely. i think speedy wants us to do homework...massive tons of homework.dang it! i hate this semester's finals!!
 @myownwoman407 & i do not appreciate dis talk about asses *nikki ann snaps her fingers and sashays off  showin her fab ass* lol!
listen  buddy  all of a sudden you've got lots 2 say! and u have taken the fun out of the oxymoron! geesh! go back 2 watchin ass!
haha  okay! but since i was the total nerd in school  that feels like 'talking in class' to me  lolz.
join the club. i don't know either. lolz khub jamay gee jo mil baithain gay bongay do. :d
i don't know  but i hate mass dming.
ha yes the $$ part would definitely be a big help! don't you hate that?!
hate to date me; but my kids had the big wheel and i can still see them going down our hill on it. sit n spin came later. wow!
don't you hate that! i hum a lot  usually just notes; but this time of year i don't dare hear i saw mommy kissing santa claus!  noo!
man that sucks! well here's hoping that nothing major was taken and that your day improves.
 @avidd werd up to nerd recharge.
 @madmain -- damn it -- where's a flip when you need one?
i hate paying bills period lol ;p
all day son all day gbg grab ya cock if ya love hip hop
 @royalpurp fuck it  lemme put on some d-block and throw on my apricot scrub with exfoliating beads. saturday baby
well that sucks  i might be in la at the end of this month! :(
comics version: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charybdis_(comics) i hate it when comics are dumbed down.
my prius has a 10 gallon tank.. must kick ass to live there right now.
ok dis weak iz no good. booked all morning wit srs naps  den runch wiff dat bitch miss muggles. howes next week?
why u hate twitter? ohhhhh u ski opening day  +1  +2  etc...
fuck the atrium. that is all.
i am getting brown sugar chunks and i hate that!!
lok u kan cum 2 my party 2nite bu u beta not lok at me or say nothn sexual at al i actualy fel sory 4 u
wel get ur ass over here just dnt be loud guh im tipsy as hel i may get sum juic frm u
guh yes she tagged dat ass lol i was lik dam then angie pop up lokn kraz
i told ur ass il be hm 2morw now get at me later holla lit bitch
lmao you lie....major please? i'm always in a damn sewing lab til they kick me out...i guess you will be my new fake bf  lol
no  sadly i'm ps3 :( ...i was thinking the same thing last night...damn non-interoperability
i hate public restrooms. 'specially this one: http://graphics1.snopes.com/photos/arts/graphics/toilet2.jpg
i've been drinking orange juice  water  eating crackers...my body just hates me. doesn't help my immune system sucks.
lol.  ass.  i'm doing ok.  get my stitches out tomorrow.  hopefully be 100% in another week.
damn that sounds like my kinda schedule..you coming here first  right.?
i just seen the commercial for that nasty ass chicken sandwich with ham topping you ate today.
oh no  that sucks no computer
damn man im sorry to hear that...going to buy a mac now?
put your fucking pants on
actually  the problem is fucking ati. they suck. i'm gonna do this swap then try to get an nvidia card.
billy mitchell is like the chuck norris of video games... but i still hate his guts! (oops! ok  i love chocolate chip ice cream.)
hey there! any luck with a ffffound invite?  im still working on it  apparently im a loser :)
damn - you travel a lot! see you on monday at your hols party!
damn who do you work for and why?!
eventually when trashman  the stalker  was arrested i got even more hate from his supporters who felt his arrest
omg! that sucks; hope you're ok!
he doesn't count!  @feenstra will tell me he loves it even if it sucks. you  on the other hand  will be honest. :)
i went mac in 12/2006 and now have 3 (selling 2  buying 1 more .. so net 2 by jan i hope). i love my macs and hate my work pc :)
it's like 1/2 the calories and fat .. and rather nom! give it a try.
world war z kicks so much ass. did you know the author is mel brooks' son?
damn  you caught that. ;^)
true  vista sucks ass  yet when i plug in any usb device that i have  it works.
yeah  it's bitter sweet. i see apps like amarok and think  kick ass  this will be great  then i see it has issues with syncing.
ummmm no offense  but 12 ounces....isnt that more than u weigh o'fuzzy guinea pig?  :)
u are probably right tho   i hate these short days =/
thats not funny i never am damn it lol
yes for sure it sucks when it happens
damn. ah well. rusty and danny are still good although stark has been known to frequent vegas on occasion
oy. i hate dealing with technical support. those rat bastards  accidentally  hung up on me twice last night.
i want a fail whale tee shirt!
forgot to mention because u were not at work yesterday peeps assumed it was because of gay day ha! u picked a fine one to be out!
that was orgasm lipgloss and the matching blush. liner in moracco. i dont recall the rest. p.s. female trouble sucks!
holy sh** im tired from reading ur shopping stops. how big of a family you have?damn!
oj seriously needs to get it together ..karma is a bitch though  caught up to him~
no one is trying to look like a freak ..well only behind closed doors. bras over 36 look like grannie going to disneyland
(first rule of ass club)  .. *hehe* ... nobody talks about ass club.
looks like twhirl's got whale-itis. i am unable to log in from my office mac too.
re holidays prices going it - all of your reasons are valid but the real reason is because they hate me
 @kathynewman me too mash is wonderful  not just tatties either  carrots  turnips  all lovely - but i hate creamed spinach
kick. ass. that sounds so much an incredible experience :-)
total dick. cell phone
fuck yeah....spencer?? will you be there?  @xdeartragedyo i'll see you at at least 1 those
every true nerd knows the famous kitteh-heat corollary:  if warm  then cat.
throwing? throwing? its bowling  bowling!!!! throwing indeed! (you do realise i am getting you to talk cricket  which you hate)hehe
okay  now your just taking the piss  right? or maybe link baiting. how could you not love the afl ? impossible!!!!
aw rats-i hate to hear that about my car
in my house  my dh does laundry  but i do the vaccuum. i love it. but i hate laundry. its about comprise. :-)
i meant to drink.  but man  nj sucks with this.
i'm just bored as fuck. lol. i never thought i'd say this but i kinda wish the damn dog was here making noise. lol
well i need the.perfect.dog. b/c the kids want one and i hate cleaning up after them. not a big dog fan!
oh yes i remember you mentioning that once! i live very close to keller. i grew up in keller  they used to hate it right?
the regular size i hate the minis i always burn them
i hate it.  i am in the process of getting rid of it-lots of complaints from readers
i threatened to shave my head the other day ;-) i hate my hair right now
there is def. imprint of my ass on floor under my own bed...  someday my prince(ss) will come ..sing it. you are my princess!
 @getaclewis spent last evening and this morning begging for forgiveness. who says that to a 6-year-old? stress sucks!
congrats!  you'll have to make us a low-fat treat from it :) #fitfam
i rarely unfollow  unless they unfollow me first or totally ignore me. or completely piss me off. that's happened once.
nope.  don't know.  my voice sucks either way.
damn.  how about nonsensical blogger?  you need one of those?
aw.  thanks for the hate!  i'm all warm and fuzzy!
i hate on blogs?  what are you saying?
lol - goodluck with that - i hate workign on my resume.  good luck with your job search
i just entered ms. single mama&#8217;s kick ass christmas contest  you can too http://tinyurl.com/7f2h7g
ugh. crunch time. that sucks. make sure you get plenty of sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to create again. it'll be ok.
i hate fakers...reveal yourself and you got the nerve not to follow people wack
someones eye fucking is about to be cut to a minimal *snicker*
they think we only ride chevys and cadillacs...damn stereotypes
yo this new song is hot all verses lyrical as fuck.  fred killed it
chocolate graham crackers with a scoop of fat-free cool whip! 1 ww point!
should we ask pussy galore? ;)
pussy galore at your service  james 0007!
ready to par-tay at speedy dick clark's new year's rockin' eve... will u be there? ;)
no pun was intended in writing speedy dick. :)
well u are pretty damn funny.
yeah he did then got big again how i hv no idea. but totally agree about kicking ass.
no kidding i'd hate to get my hurricane watered down w snow as i go from bar to bar.
i am sorry! i hate funerals.
but damn i look good on it.
damn  that hurts.  i agree w/  @wolfnoma more scotch will cure all that ails you
that sucks  sumtimes i don't take my mind to work.
 @tanja_c that might be a girl's car  but it is one damn hot girl's car! it has grrr-power!
i think it also helps for you to *feel* full this way  & stay away from carbs. carbs--&gt;sugar ---&gt; fat... stay away from b4 bed
ordering pizza online??? now thats some fat boy shyt!! :)
 drama  is just a catch-all word for  things i hate about other women  which they probably all hate about me too .
saturday's are just so boring here. the day drags on. well  that sucks that you don't get holiday pay for the 24th. :(
hah  been there. |: sabi din niya she's never gonna buy me one so i'll be using my own money. sucks |:
i hate when they do that--
whatchu meen? other people in this here country ain't talkin' like us? well  gee whiz! damn yankees.
nigga you sound like a creep ass pedophile
writing is a bitch. re-read one of my drafts- new meaning to humiliation-play. now to hump my metal-bristled hairbrush until o.
sh. everytime a hot vampire movie comes out  my popularity goes up. & yes it sucks. the stamp on the death of literary ficiton.
meh. i'm sorry. i hate living right now. trade?
i liked all of the anti-gay ads. there were three or four  i think. i read it when i got up (read: about an hour ago) :d
:d even though they changed a little lately and now it sucks more than ever  they still have the most shows.
ahem. as a twat (:p) the only thing i have to say to that is: i cunt hear u over the butthurt. wut did u say? :p
u cunt tell me u did not lyk da snow
aha it's just the funniest image. :p and that sucks about your xmas stuff not showing up. :/ i go insane this time of year  ngl. :p
oh my fuck im not the only one awake
that looks nasty...ice sucks.
in order not to piss off anyone w/ crappy weather  i'll just say it does not feel like xmas/hanukkah in these parts either.
mmm breakfast nachoes!!! (getting fat - good name for a tune/album)
tempted to start baking cookies too.  damn the diabetes  full speed ahead;)
yeah. good one. u really gotta wonder what kind of freak doesn't use their own picture;) lol
heck  there are stupid ass  gurus  telling their little sheep to infiltrate twitter to maximize profits.. lol
i still have that broken ass alienware laptop... alienware = over-rated imho.
that sucks dude.. you should ream apple a new one for that..
keep in mind that everyone at the airport got up this morning and decided they were going to fuck you.
apparently. ugh. sucks that they couldn't get the music rights for syndication in the us. or maybe they didn't bother..
can't hate on that...
i'm working than idk. empires? mmm northbrook court sucks sir. omg todays the first day of chanukah. bahaha
fuck that!....time to go see cassie......we're slackin man!!!!
that rossi will put your ass right to sleep....i think they put nyquil in that shit
good signin stuff tim. we have research to publish next year on sign-up process & eyetracking. btw users resoundingly hate register
it's 60 degrees out here 2day..2days ago it was 20..global warmings a bitch.. lol
that would have ended the year off perfect. or someone punching him in his fucking mouth!
there you go...that's damn good to start. he's now branding himself  but he needs not to engage in worthless  beef 
wrote a song about it. like hear it  here it go:  duck bitch duck-i throw my left shoe out-duck bitch duck 
his ass gone fuck up his money by making retort videos. disney ain't with that  boy...charles is trying to kanye his way in
yeah i doubt i can go either. kids xmas party. i hate attending these things  but oh well. family first.
aww that sucks :( i hate hiccups  and that whole  scaring yourself is the cure  crap never works for me.
they probably karted all over you...kats are knwon to do that.   :d all hate mail goes to...
lol! yes  all hate mail goes to rockdog @annieburltalk.com and gets read live on the air lol
let me tell you i have lived here all my life and every year i hate it.
join the club! lol  i hate the snow!
re; the happening and campy acting  leguizamo was the only one who did a good job. wahlburg always seems so. hate that chick
think the phrase 'couldn't hit a pig's arse with a banjo' fitted somehow. but hey i've had a go ( can scythe instead mind!)
 and i said i was going to slap your ugly ass anyhow. awwwwww  what are you going to do  call t ... http://shortxt.com/9ytyj2r
damn sounds painful lol
oh man.. that sucks  sorry your feeling ill... i'm still coughing & sneezing  seem's like this cold will never go away.
lol... what i like to do is get in front of them then suddenly! step on the breaks... irresponsible drivers... piss me off
i am so with you on that one. i hate hunting season also
of course  you realise that being a nerd is a compliment in this house . . .
geez..me too but i hate waking up this early
ouch...that sucks about the ticket...it's pretty expensive now. hopefully chiko can help u out
why do you make it sound so damn delicous?!?
lol oh damn for real?!?
oh god i begged for that big head rainbow bright doll n got it lol even had the sheet set lol damn i was corny back then lol
dammit ima have that shit in my head again lololast night it was stuck for a few damn hrs lol
don't forget taco lol i got a damn tacobot followin me lol..let's see chocolate  xbox  wii  psp  dunkin donuts  geek lolol
that's cuz my greedy ass is sippin a dunkins hot chocolate lol
resistance kicks ass!!!!!!!!!!!1
i am sure i could  and i respect your point of view.  my actions spring from specific activity (hate  racism) i've seen here...
thank you hon...got refused for a job op this week due to damn visa...all i ever wanted to do was be a citizen...not poss
damn your presence is making me more wayward than usual!
haha nosy :) i get it quickwitted & cute too damn somebody come take me off the markets!
damn they looked like crap last night!! i have to say that lots of bad words came out of my mouth last night! ugh next year
you know i bought a pomegranate today because of your ass! i better not get obsessed...
 @pajnstl yeah  i guess its all the mon thru fri folks. i hate ya'll.
thanks for the follow.  by the way  i love the mantra:  find out what sucks & don't do that .  words to live by!
damn guestlist people. they always have a stick up their ass. but i guess being a hired dick will do that to ya!
 juice ? the fuck is  juice ? i want grape drank!
 never go full retard  you'll see what i mean in a sec...
i'm looking 4 a wow gift 4 my gf...*sigh* i hate buying presents 4 ppl; i never know what 2 get! mslika
i do know her! damn...r u worldwide or what? :-d mslika
yup i will wait for a bit for them to get through. deary me planes just freak me out!!
i know he is prolly tryna fall back  but i just wanna make sure ain't nothin happen to his ass lol. cuz usually he text  or sumthin
how do u know what tip's ass looks like?
wow thats crazy. thats sumthing my retarded ass would do.
i got a blog on ozonemag.com about pinky the pornstar trying to act like a business woman. being a slut is not a biz  its a cop out
that fat boy humping the pillow is not right. lol.
did this fucking work? (who's not irritated by the blackberry shit taking forever)
omg marv said he hopes my areolas implode. now thats demented. i just made a gay website about him  i didnt wish evil upon him!
its not. i just wanna remind u  frequently and vividly. and since i'm not talking about how gay u r...i've got  time on my side. 
damn party boy. i miss those days.
damn that's like my lil brother. he's 11  5 8 and 250 lbs.
believe it or not a lot of people do. i've had people aruge me down & say it's not fla. i'm like  it's on the damn license plates! 
no! my phone is just actin gay :-(
ur invading my space!  @prezzure kick his ass out starbucks
meh  no high voltage  just damn dirty grease.  i smell like a french fry now.
damn  shorten isnt work  here is the link http://tinyurl.com/8rkl9r
i saw something about my big fat redneck wedding on tv (new show or something) -- thought of you. aren't you proud?
my bro-in-law is an eco freak (i mean this in the nicest way. no  really) so i once got him a case of recycled toilet paper.
the world needs to know about the notorious camera whore squirrel! d8
that's awesome! we just paid one off in may ... and just took one back on. but 1/2 the paymt. but i still hate it!
lucky? i'm gonna be working my ass off!
no whale  ftw!  i'm liking the struts / webwork analogy for rails / merb.  but then again  i'm old school like that.
hey... i was not talking about those bots which go around spamming. i hate those too. i was talking about query processors.
oh fuck yes...how i would of loved to have seen this live
damnn dude  thats not cool. 3c here and raining. i hate being cold :|
 @dramaqueenrissa  &  @hannah_rae just departed for greenville. i really hate saying goodbye :-( praying for a safe trip.
wish you could see my parents dancing to the beyonce single ladies video. dad is flipping his hand saying 'love' 'hate' lmao!
noooo - damn  that site is brilliant aswell - damn it!
damn fatboy... take it easy
they have mountain song on guitar hero? shit  i have to hate that song now
damn you look great in hd i mean you look great either way but ya lol what kind of cam you use? xoxo
well thanks for sayin atleast i can hold conversation even if you was a smart ass about it
it was 3 years ago i was in san jose. liked it but paying state income tax sucks.
i hate statistics. aaargh! :)
the damn bitches at best buy took my damn laptop
night shift sucks...hubby was on that shift for years  you never get used to it.
i'm trying to find a fun place to get my baby boys first haircut...minimize the freak out :)
lol i hate commercials!
oh yeah i hate that stuff.  my feminist side comes out big time. :)
sleepy ass shit...bout u?
enterprise can suck my dick too! that's bullshit!
it sucks lol but merry christmas anyways &lt;3
hibachi hawaiian style ... yum ... huli huli pig 2
do it! lol. god i hate parking lots so much.
gotta love brandon! damn!
mine hate me quite often as well. feel better!
this si true last time i had three w2's its a bitch man i feel your twitter pain
u hate the name bob so much that ur gonna change ur name to bcbryar? lol nice
hugs hugs hugs you are good we are very happy with you and love you and don't hate you.
present your warty ass and i'll gobblefuck ur pink sock!
thanks for the spoiler alert lady!  i misquoted jane austin from pride & prejudice in that last tweet.  damn  i'm good
dont hate her  embrace her!
oh  thanks for signing off on me  queen rude-bitch d:
no fob tix? damn :'/
it happens. sucks when it does though that is for sure. glad you aren't steaming. you'll have a better day tomorrow.
i just entered ms. single mama&#8217;s kick ass christmas contest  you can too http://tinyurl.com/7f2h7g
i was supposed to be a month when we do nothing except sleeping     unlike u    i hate winters &gt;_&lt;
uhm im just upset cuz my mom took my phone from me. i hate her yo. im 20 already! dammit
oh i hate that. what's worse is that people don't say who they are on the phone and they keep talking to you. and i'm like  who?
prolly not i started the damn dishwasher lol
i was being a retard that day i wasn't even thinkin i was too excited to go up .3 nothches in blackberrydom...lol
damn  that kinda sucks... i'll be back on jan 2 so i wont be  @ lipservice the 29th :-( {tear} i'll vacation for both of us
ew i hate software. btw you look like a white version of that asian kid who shot up his school.
chrome is lame.  no competition fir firefox. hate to say it but even ie is better.
fuck!  that just reminded me that i forgot to bring back the bagels from my grandma's!
hate to be a downer but there's a chance it may not even be released
i feel your pain. even more i hate activex blockers!
cool  i got it up and working. it's taking a damn long time tho; i'm pausing til a later date. many thanx for the 411!
haha natalie wazap  ahhh damn i hav to go...my sis is forcing me off with a cane...ok not really but gtg luvya&lt;3
the office ... damn its cold... great party last night
it was fucking epic.  deck the halls with something about my dick 
oh please do. steph is already getting tired of me saying  deck the halls with something about my dick 
damn lisa ..your ribs sound soooooo goooood!!  i'll have to try marinating them next time.
damn thats nice.
aargh! i hate that big bro here  @ work blocks so many sites! now i've got to wait till i get home tonight to take a peak!
that's fine  i don't usually do the middle: too safe  boring and predictable. i do love  so love me or leave me but don't hate :)
 @ashleypalmero kicks ass at photography  what can i say!
i think they can with a kick ass stereo.;)
yuck! but others say it is really good for you. hardly any fat. i almost want to become a vegatarian because of it.
the epaper version sucks.. the image looks baaaad
well i hope i will do you guys proud! as soon as i can  im plopping my newly fat ass in class to learn design
aww  that sucks. i can't say i'm exactly full of any holiday cheer  doesn't even seem like christmas to me. but i am quite cheerful!
lmao  yea bush got that shit  @ his ass  lol. neva thought i'd c a president dodge a shoe
i am so with you on the joy of sugar cookies.  just flour  fat & sugar.  what could be better?   nothing.
lol oh that sucks   but hv a safe flight
loves 1 guy 1 cup! she just admitted her lust for it! ( @kristinaking iso man who breaks glass in ass)
oh man  i'm having a nerd heart attack
damn! if only i lived down there! looking to capture some weddings here...not too many when it's snowing!
working out just hurts so damn good!! lol
i hate  open  themes! lol  dang i wish we had a camera club here....how hard would it be to start one i wonder???
buffalo sucks. jk. congradulations!
i hate when that happens!
omg siiiigh i'm folding. lol! only becuz entouch brought me to this old ass jam wow &gt;&gt;http://tinyurl.com/44aaob
damn son  if my google reader ain't full enough as is  between reading and writing it is a wonder how i get anything done...
alive it would be erykah badu my dumd ass fainted at one of her concerts in philly. or angela davis
hello! i am cooking for my family and need to find a meat that has high fat content like pancetta  but it can't be pork. halp!
i recommend pase rock and fat jon (new album out!). okay okay so what if you already knew all this!
re: the wu-tang clan - do not fuck with them.
i int down with that crazy ass rambo shit. hahaha. how long u been in.
damn! i only have 127....i fail! :(
i know...and not in a good way! grrrrr i want to fuck!!!! lol
that is a delicious ass! and coming from this ass fetishist..it's a big thing! :d
btw you rock for the damn near 18 hours of wrestling you sent to my house
way to go on the fat loss and muscle gain! i bet it feels great to be active again! : )
i think that term comes from the ppt being printed out and being a stack of paper (thus deck). but i hate it too...
damn it! now cody will get one before me!
that sucks  btw if u dont see me on xbl readd me i usually take people off after they havent been on for a while  no offence =)
i mean he acts like he is thankful for his fans but i think its all an act cuz he sucks at giving info/directions #$%# sorry again
i got bioshock for chfristmas form him yay bt it sucks i cant play it &gt;&lt;
then tell the mail not to fuck with me okay?
that damn monkey. he was the end of my tv career.
shake your ass  show me what youre working with
damn! what are you  jordan's personal assistant? okay  i'm sorry! i won't anymore
totally lame. to be fair  i've only watched it twice but that was enough for me. moral: your sense of humor sucks.
7th street entry has filled in very nicely. he's got the fucking crowd in his hands  molding them how he wants.
aww damn so u cant even see that video i posted. i know that should would def take u back to the good old days!
dont hate!
 @neptunegrand you are my bfff. cheak out the crackberry os  some peeps really love it  others hate it.
im a nerd and i embrace it!
that kicks much ass to hear you say that! (or   see you twitter that   more accurately)
...except for software. in my experience (not nerd cache) final cut&gt;premiere and pro tools and logic pro&gt;cubase. photoshop is =.
but overall i just find the mac ui more streamlined and intuitive. still  i don't love everything they do. they piss me off a lot.
everybody sucks today.  bleah!
you have no idea.  i hate christmas. can't wait till it's over.  nothing but a lot of work for me.
i don't hate any man but i want every fan and reporter who was humping his leg at the start of the season to reflect on the season.
dontcha just hate that stuff when it happens?! it makes me feel so dumb.
oh that shit is funny. the best video that dude has made. better than dick in a box.
fuck ya the trailer looks awesome. they have some sick ww2 dog fights.
i'm like kyu 5000k  just a beginner.  i just posted one of my ass beatings on my thomasott.net blog
fuck me  i just spent 15 minutes trying to think of an example and i'm coming up dry. =p all i remember is wondering to myself
damn  dude... that made me laugh really  really loud.
quite possibly the most random and funniest twit i have seen......ever :p awwww poor guinea pig  too many carrots is it!?!
he did leave quickly after our neighbors woke up and yelled. he didn't get too much. but the feeling sucks.
and i hate office xmas partys... but yeah  ours sounds worse...
feelin fat & happy!
agreed. i'm disgusted by the major corps who know damn well kids are watching  and have decided they don't care slimy ads 24/7
i hate driving in this shit.
holy fuck!! andy samberg is bringing the future of music  good gawd that's awesome. also youtube in hd hells ya.
i hate sweet ham ergh
- i wasn't on twitter yesterday  so a belated  for fuck's sake  from me - man  what an unbelievable shitter. :-(
aah  so twitorfit.com is a twitter/hotornot mashup clone. should've seen that coming. sucks that you have to login just to vote! :(
:)  @nevadagrey i just meant myspace in general  sucks. slow as hell  and only thing going for it is/was music  but last.fm and blip.fm
tomorrow morning we get an update i am so fucking hungover.
it's all about a heightened sense of self worth...if we did nothing but simple bullshit tasks all day  what would we bitch about
ie 6 is still big because xp is still big  and ie7 sucks in xp
i hate coffee...love the smell...but not the taste...i can only stomach it if it has lots of cream in it
blur song 2 on fucking repeat till 6pm.
awesome  can't wait to see the results. i'm going to go out and take some more in a bit.... fucking cold out there
number don't lie. and yes  it would take a lot to offend me. like spammers using my name. that is fucking offensive
my site doesnt hate iphones  it just prefers to not be seen with them in public :-)  will check/fix over my holidays. thx
fucking lol.... that'll make them feel bad  and think ur a terrorist all at the same time. love it
kick ass. also  when do you get back? the world wants to know.
http://twitpic.com/rthd - is that on a wall or something? why is everyone so emo????
damn that sounds good. french toast with creamy peanut butter and real maple syrup. damn. i'm hungry
damn  i'm sitting here checking the score to my fantasy football playoffs as you tweet that. like you meant that to me specifically.
i'm cool with darts  if we still get to kick someone's ass either before or after.
damn he had 5 kids.  growing up in michigan his single was always on the tape deck.
wal-mart tends to bring out the worse in people. i hate being there anytime during the day. late night is another story
http://dznr.org/87pa &lt;- ass bumped the  what the heck is unsanity doing? -thread from march...
boo that sucks. mine was quiet for hours.
as much as i hate it  i can write faster by spelling wrong on the iphone :) (i was scared i'd misspelled this tweet haha)
damn son. congrats! i got a box of hamburgers for you...
uhm hi!!! could you please get your ass to hawaii!!! thanks :)
you know  encouraging cliques by not including my trees  beluga whale & baby beluga  in your play dates w/ my sis is bad parenting
whats the adventure? yeah im noisey dont hate!
damn lowkey found his future wifey  go make love in the club lol
me too. just saw an update on the news... scary damn storm!
i am still on hold with sprint!  i'm so mad!! i want to throw the damn phone away. it's been way over an hour!
am i a bitch because i'm not sad at all that it's over?
so almost everything makes sense now? and i trashed the mistake. i didn't know you could 'til now. and i hate screwing up. =/
that rabbit is fucking scary. i had nightmares. =p
damn. in malleshwaram. will take me atleast an hr plus to get there. screw it. next time :) have a blast!
:d touche! rockstars  @ rockstartups. hehe best of luck wit the 2 boys throwing ideas.damn wish i was there! :(
stop tweeting  get ur ass here and pick me up!
why is cory being an ass on erik's status
beans?  are you kidding?  i hate beans!!  seriously  this is the best chili ever  and i always thought my mom's was the best.
lol well u should help them get some dick...
don't know what a tranny is but techno and woman i can put those two together... i really hate that word btw
sweet! playoffs should be soon shouldn't they? the season is damn near over!
i'm looking forward to my son kicking my ass at chess. will not be hard to accomplish.
i especially hate the way how apple earphones tear out the insides of my wallet.
yeah all the good phones are a lot of money  fuck dat!
how many tests do you need you sick son of a bitch?!
ah well. i was shredded long before i walked into the game. i should be drinking right now actually. flight is delayed. sucks.
same 4 u make sure yo ass is up
shit i think the damn alternator don't work i just got a fresh bat yesterday.
hell yea but the midget in the cowboy suit it that homey from jack ass?
jerk! troll! don't hate.
you can try to smack me. but i'll round house kick you in the throat then shank your ass with a rusty knife.
i'm not an asshole i'm a bitch the bitch!! get it right or i'll kick you again...
girl...i just did a post on that damn snuggie...i'm so mad that i didn't think of that first
i hate to admit it but raw top roman with the seasoning was a choice of snack against my moms wishes...all my friends were doing it.
no not right now but im on a damn roll
your actual ass?
you've got to be fucking kidding me.
it's even better when each time you call trimet  the miles stay the fucking same. grr...
yup - i hate not haveing energy.  makes me impatient and crabby.
damn...bird flu acting up again?
oh piss ur right. well hopefully we won't make it late
try mcdonalds.. :p although the coffee sucks (wonder hw many outlets still serve it)   net access is pretty decent..
may be... but i hate them...!! cannot even imagine forgiving n forgettin..no ways..
that they do. fucking sea cows. where do they come off?
what the fuck is a google? (btw  excellent application of 'my china'. double point score.)
don't ignore them  that'd be rude. send them obcene replies like   your mother sucks cocks in hell.  (c) the exorcist
wow!  you sure have a freak magnet!  i only have one thing to say to you:
and i hate longview cable i would rather have sat data before i to them
yes that is how you reply. sorry ava but i hate the gecko. lol.
well you go ahead and have fun. i'd better move my ass to study lol. haven't really started yet.
:( damn. did you smoke the last of your weed and forgot about the pizza cooking in the process?
damn  that's just spagross! i may change the name then. i thought it just had a nice ring to it. it really ain't that ghetto.
maybe you should give it a go. i tell ie that i hate it everyday and recently it's been very nice to me :)
17 hrs! hah! try it for a week like we did here in nh. just kidding! no power sucks. shows how dependent we are on  the grid! 
i want a cat. they use litter boxes instead of the fucking floor. and yes  natalie portman is way cuter.
your kitty is so fucking adorable!!!!!
pretty damn good!
man that sucks.sorry to hear hope all goes well
it back safely...misssed this damn weather.  i think it may be too cold to go on my date  yo...
hahaha we would fuck up some autotune. mo'fos would forget about t-pain. word is bond. real talk talk. son.
dude  that sucks about your laptop. i hope you get that worked out. &#58371;
i hate the days when you feel like you are the worst mom ever. my therapist says they will remember the good days more  though.
you've finally made it obviously - only the cool kids get hate mail
you used to make fun of my list for never changing  next i switch it up and yet you hate (c).  i can't win.
#twitter showed the fail whale once since morning to me already! :)
hehe not easy to get a big ass alarm clock!
congrats mate!  that kicks ass!  you should post on the forum to encourage others :)
dont hate me. i cant go either. cause the tickets are ridic expensive. and all sold out except for the most expensive ones.
its fucking adorable
damn straight i am.
damn  just realized you're moving here to boston to work for harmonix (rock on  and congrats!)
sorry  that was my loser speech pathologist swallowing therapy strategies coming out  lol.
i gave really good gifts... lol. damn the man!
last time i was on a train was in europe in 2001  but damn if i don't think of hogwart's express every time i think of them now
i hate input managers.  i really wish there was a way to opt out of loading them in individual cocoa apps.
wow  that sucks. glad u made it home ok!
it's kinda like  2% milk.  sounds great! only 2% fat! but whole milk is 3.5% fat. oh  not such a big deal anymore.
 @nsakes fucking twitter  ok can i come see it?
yes  something like 60db  @ 23 feet  so cessna-level but damn power is good!  @rockyd  i won't ever not have one again!
don't worry  it's free!  and  @goodeye says it's got easy achievements  if you're a gamerscore whore like me. ;)
we peak mid 90's but it's dry and daylight goes on forever (or so it seems) but winter sucks!
oh no! i hope you're okay. i've taken a tumble on many escalators in the t  and it sucks every time. :(
omg dude! im so sorry!! that totally sucks. is it bad??
my mom said the same thing to me last week...i hate my hair right now it's terrible lol
i hate those things i walk haha don't care how far it is!
yeah thattttt...sucks. i wonder why those things set the alarm off hahaha hm!
yeah it's terrible but tell ya the truth i'd hang any political figure from my xmas tree i hate em all lol
i don't think you'll find it on i-10 only on i-45. hubby woke up and noticed that i haven't slept. bah. ambien sucks.
the new fb sucks where-ever you are. i'm can barely force myself to use it.
uuummm....fuck! try again?..... http://tinyurl.com/75wwrp
fuck!!! imstars. aufeminin. com/ stars/fan/ my-chemical- romance/ my-chemical- romance- 20080121-366383. jpg *take out spaces
aww man! dat sucks. . but at least ya got something to fall back on! now grind hard! i love your songs!
what sucks is shelling out dough to microsoft for xp..  can i even get that anymore?
u always got the fly ass profile pics. im jealous :( merry xmas numba!
no bike for me this am  @branddna piss off  damn u and ur aussie sunshine!
yes. i've officially decided i need to be your gay best friend. mainly cause i need consolidating for clothing...
fuck  don't even get me started. as soon as i saw  animal fri--   i was half way to creaming myself.
true true... but... you're still a whore. but its ok! i am too. &lt;3 although  i don't think whores can have scruff.
i miss you you crazy fuck.
happy birthday zarlom. you're my favorite cunt.
 wiggle wiggle ... more like   i'm flying to your house... ripping off your dick. then i'm going to drench it in kool aid.  got me?!
i hate it when wtm boards are down! i need my fix! ;-)
i'm sorry...that scene is fucking disgusting  rawr.
lol i missed this due to fail whale but i know you probably were up before me...
somewhat. now i know what i whiney  stupid bitch bella is. :) i got it basically for my mom though.
takes alot more than a 3 hour long ass movie lol
damn  and i hear i go... i was all ready to get in on the joke lol
theres places to eat at la live tho. i need to fuck with over there..
so woman asked me for help to find something and i was like i'm sorry mamn i don't work here she goes well what fucking good r u?
nah  i told him to text me when he gets off; i hate texting him  @ work because he takes 4-&gt; to respond! lol
i hate when that happens.
nothing says you love him more than wooly ass sweaters and gift certificates for beer!
ha i hate rain  qtpie
i'm not sure i can know you anymore.  why do you hate freedom?
o bitch plzzz  itsah hairflip.
it's never been as bad as that first round but it still sucks when it comes back - i think i'll pour a drink ;)
i take that back - i am so not a whore  but i would def play one on tv.  haha
i really like brad sucks.  not to mention he's a sweetie.
damn right it should!  it's a mighty fine word!
haha i love how much of a nerd obama is...
oh  the one time someone goes nuts on a bus...manitoba is pretty crazy itself...fuck you  ben.
that sucks...don't people have anything better to do...so sorry this happened to you.
send some over my way  all i listen to is those old ass mixtape shits on youtube. spongebob in bball gear
following your link . had been recommended them by a music freak friend before but never followed through. i like the video
...dude  i&#8217;m a producer and exporter of ip content which costs to make and i don&#8217;t live in a mansion. and i hate hypocrites.
...fucking coded shit. i don&#8217;t watch old tv shows so i've only see the new dr. who  the stuff since the reboot. loving david...
good you are tracking your body fat percentage! some people would be disappointed with 2lb  but great numbers!!
his name was richard bell and he was also a fireman who rescued 12 old people from a tenement fire. now who's the dick?
damn. i got bammed. wonder how many  @glark reads.
i wish!.....i'll be over here in jersey where the snow is falling.....which sucks!
oh my i hate beer...i have some francis ford coppola pinot griego making me an offer i can't refuse
damn straight...if you give banks 700 billion $ and they then hoard the $ wouldn't it a better idea 2give it 2 us we can hoard
i love those fucking things!! bring me some! :)
yay!! i get to see your hot ass like next week! :)
but i thought every dude was a douchebag trying to fuck a pair of tits. way to not be. lame.
also  it's been worth it for the phrase  i'm too tall  i'm too old  i'm too fat  and i hate it!  thank you  jeremy clarkson.
ditto! i got your christmas present yesterday  i think you will like it. (duh; like i would get it if i thought you'd hate it?)
already spent  and it had to be programmed with a special machine. fuck you car. but thanks!
and i are getting our fat on at zaxby's!!! diet starts tomorrow!! in cordele  ga http://loopt.us/i0a8qq
damn  pete!i havent seen u in so long  iz about to send out the st. bernards. particularly cuz they bring bourbon and such. u good?
nah  high in calories. hold on and ill send a delicious low fat picture
hot damn! congratulations!
the tostitos fiesta bowl (man  i hate corporate sponsorship in sports). shit. i wonder if i could get work to fly me to arizona?
thanks! but now it means we're talking about readers who hate it in the present tense ;) (feedback quite positive overall though)
i heard it sucks...the effects were nice but it was a bad remake of the original.
i need a damn ironman im gonna cry!!!!
get your ass back home
i learned that making a full pot of coffee with a single serving press is a wicked pain in the ass. ordering 8-cup from amazon
i hate when that happens.
that's your problem - fireplace sucks all the air up the chimney - only way to heat your house is to make air duct from outside.
i would think he's cute but we had bats on our attic recently  and i freak out about rabies and my toddler! i bet he's cute!
dont hate. its coming along nicely. me and nepa.... we're goood. :)
for real?  that sucks. i have hosting there. you might want to trty dreamhost. ;)
twitter is like elvis  love it or hate it  but thousands of fans can't be wrong  read into it :) http://is.gd/c6vm
damn  nice concept! gots to check with the brother vic though...
damn  weird.. a friend told me the sound of the mic wasn't in the streaming though... anyway  the pics are nice! hehe :)
so find someone who can play the violin really well... and beat his ass...? xd *slinks back into hiding*
eh... me looking at pages and pages of pictures of naked gay japanese boys isn't helping me much....
got on http://openzap.com saying: check out todays(12-09-08) huge daily nerd links post! #digg(http://ping.fm/f3aka)  #flo ...
got on http://openzap.com saying: check out todays huge web development/design daily nerd links post! http://ping.fm/4gnjj
amusing thought... i'm not leaving my gayborhood. i love where i live. i heart gay people. great food & shopping  friendly  safe...
remind me to tell you about screaming at our fat naked neighbor at our old place.
lol jose i fucking love you lol.
wow! 15 degrees and no power!  definitely sucks!
yes!  that place has damn good bar-b-q.  mmmmm  i'm jealous.
damn vness finesse
abrams is scorsese compared to lucas. i'd just hate to see trek and wars get too similar. plus i'd explode with fanboy jealousy.
damn the consequences.
why is his best friend such a bitch? the hell is his problem?
first off you knew her ass was going to become one either way she was already engaged to e married so of course she sealed the deal
about damn time
must do you head in having an application that relies on twitter working.  still fail whale is less conspicious these days.
i'm hesitant on breaking the seal. i made him check my balance three times & when my contract ends. feeling guilty. meh. sucks.
i'll spare you with horror stories. believe me  i'm a wimp now and hate those things.
lulz just read bout the guy who asked u out with a prego gf  what a dick  he should be wit her
oh i hate disappointing kids - i figure the stress of the connection starting late teaches them a lesson for next time
don't hate  i totally also have a creepy crush on judge alex!!  he's a good looking man!
i would but all i can see right now are those ass hole cockroaches.  *grumbles*  sleep well!
yeah. i'm not going to go offf about how long the dn 3d remake has been in development  but damn!
lol and i have missed the 12.55 as the freakin fat b*tch won't let me in! :o
baby-fat obama. honestly that doesn't look like the guy. but that does look like a hawaii joint. i'm just sayin'.
lol no doubt.  @latinas yeah they will cut yo ass in little tiny beans
i hate to sound unprofessional... but is this thee chino xl!? the one that shook up the industry a few years back with his lyrics?
i remember and that's why i loves that ass. u make me feel special. lol
u better answer the damn phone
u been on here all of 2 days and bout to pass me in followers... damn homey!? in high school u was the man homey!  @theflygirl
oh that's what a bro gotta do now to get a ree-ply!? i gotta do it like that?! (my bad  but damn girl)
lord knows with my name ive been called many damn variations..but ok truce..put my z back. u get ur slithering s's *cuts eye*
confessions? i was so horny one time i used a tiny trash bag 2 fuk the block whore. and it bust!!
nah the ass whoopin was serious. but i can see he didn't want me getting too  hooked  at an early age... oowee too bad
damn i didnt kno anyone still went there
pig passle?? you northern folks are a bit strange. we barbecue our pigs in the south!!
morning man.. damn whenever did i update this thing.. aah 4 days ago eh.. much has happened since then *scrolling*
the fuck is that?
that kid sounds like such an ass and so full of himself!
damn--and it's in the 50's in upstate ny today!
damn...that's what happens sometimes though. we never know. make every moment absolutely count. that's all we *can* do.
hot damn  can you give me a full rundown of that so i can let all of nashville know. ;)
its a damn dirty rumour  much like the one with philip seymour hoffman as the penguin. that one  though  i wouldnt mind.
i totally forgot it was your birthday  man! i wouldve called. i hope you had a killer fucking time.
yes  they have. any supermarket should carry it (trans fat free crisco.)
and i hate godaddy's site so i'm having trouble changing it back aaaagh!
i gave up on satc when she did what she did to john corbett! never liked mr pig  i mean mr. big.
you were first to reply with rudolph. did you know the dentist elf & misfit theme was really about being gay & not fitting in?
hope b/c im a cynic & i dont xpect much from society. therapy b/c i believe in kickg ass if screwed with :d
damn what happened?
i can fuck with birdwalk..cuz it's a dance beat..but that stupid yes sir..hell no!! eat a d*. lol gucci bandana is aite. not hott
wats wid the 3469 .. omg... u're on twitter ... u gave in to the phenomenon .. folie a deux postponed what the fuck ???????????????
my leg sucks.. i can't frickin' walk and mom is screaming at me to go all the way fopr tution even though maam said ok .
the light in here sucks  buy here is the tank and wife  http://twitpic.com/trf3
dick and bubble gum. thats what used to work for me lol
you want me to pick ya up something? and yes that is what sucks about down at the house is there is hardly ever any food t ...
damn bro  double cheeseburger with mayo? you're speaking my language.
nerd glasses lol mine are sexyer
was  and will later when i feel like it. and you damn well i was.  @mizzjess i just moved back to fl from philly lol
that sucks  who?
left and right both... damn i'm tired! how are you going back at work?
um  i so want to ask  but shudder to think about what the answer would be to where  @melissa808 gets her  fag cream .
you feel kind of stupid doing it  but it worked wonders for my timing. the kids hate that i'm beating them on that one.
she did indeed. fancy joining me for a triumphant hillside piss this afternoon?
fuck you and miami jake. its like 17 degrees out here.
thanks jen.  we hate to cancel  but don't want anyone having accidents trying to get there.
damn  that was quick. thanks! will look into height stuff  but position: relative did the job.
damn  i'm jealous - i could really go some of those dumplings right now.
purges are awesome - unless racially  religiously or gender-based. then it so awfully sucks.
*jaw drops to the floor* did you just call brendon a whore????!!! * z snap* no you just did not. lol. he is not a whore
*gasps* he hasnt done it so there for he is not a whore.
you hate me now dont you??? getting a twitter isnt enough for you??? fine... *shuns*
damn  it feels good to be a gangsta?
but worth the cost and pain in the ass when you see all your boston pals... right?
very cool! did 250 minutes of walking this week - shooting for 300 next week! have set up fb group for pig team - ru on facebk?
and i'm really sorry about your friend. you're right - ms sucks in a major way.
i love u too boo! sexy ass wesleyclouden!  ;)
thinks my barkely impsn8n sucks  but he's  a knucklehead..and isn't in my fave 5...trrrble 
i love the fail whale too. it's so smiley!
damn dude what happened?
on a crack pipe  that's about it. fuck him. he was wack from day 1  don't let the radio fool u
i'm movin if it's a no. oh  but i can't sell my house can i and as for getting another job well...damn i sound like rick spleen
i'm going to fucking florida on friday. fuck that shit
hmm  maybe i crossed wires w/1 of you &  @allisoncarter. who called who nerd & was correct as geek? me moving 2 fast 4 fun.
agreed. continues to piss me off too.
i spent half an hour in that damn maze of roundabouts :-0
no wonder outlook sucks...
it's sucks..lol  cause any other time i'd be fine with 1 meal  but because i cant have none  it's driving me nuts..lol
nice robot post!... lol&gt; i hate those cheesy responses too.
tell her i will wrestlher and loser gets to clean my office
can't hear that blip  still in this damn line. btw  if malicious isn't already taken  let's start a band.
i know ripley lives - i don't think the others do. sucks to be them!
you're a european so stop being a bitch to  @mbites or i'll stop buying your chocolate  of which  i once bought 22 kilos :)
fuck i love barry manilow
hmmm i hate cats (sharp claws  teeth) but like yoghurt. what to make of this???
hate to bring this up  um  but did you see how ur last tweet came out?
am i too emo? http://snipurl.com/7rq8p
cool t damn! that's funny.
:(  sorry..that really sucks.  and right before the holidays.  bah humbug.
 @urban_lindsay  good find! i'm a huge fan of the fail whale. i'm totally buying a shirt: http://www.zazzle.com/failwhale
how did you blog my own video before me?  damn you're fast!!! i didn't even finish editing the youtube info yet!!! lmao
wow so you got hit pretty bad with bad weather too huh  that sucks. good morning to you as well :)
that sucks  ya ive been waiting on this book from amazon  was suppose tpo have it in aug. then dec. 10th now in jan...irritating
thanks &a pleasant good morning to you :) yes i work at noon but have alot of running to do before that i hate hectic mornings
 @indyank  @harisn sucks for me everytime..  every single time.. and today the most.. :'(
i totally agree. hate it when people tweet out every thought they consider mildly clever. that's why i dropped  @guykawaski
fuck yes i do!
i'd much prefer to send out my work message via twitter.  i hate having to add the fluff to my emails so that no one gets upset.
during my short live here i have learned to hate twam (=twitter spam) someone wrote about it http://tinyurl.com/555cqr
yea! i wonder what that's all about. i'd hate it if again the highlight of the epi is the preview  we never get much more than that
i always forget about yelp  but it's pretty damn useful. thanks for the tip!
also that one's not really a vampire film it's more of an emo film. vampires are only there for added sexual angst.
sakoyo hahaha smart ass!!! laughing in my boots...hahaha...still laughing...not! nah not sad...i dont joke like that anymore..haha
dude  it was your birthday?  damn you!  you foiled my foolproof  never miss a birthday coz facebook reminds you  scheme.  hpy bthdy.
used to not fucking me? i saw nikki the other night btw.
i hate taking down the decs. everything seems so bare...i'll leave my favourite robin up until tuesday  though.
i want to call him disgusting but i cant :|  @wordsliveinlies he's 20.  @scrappys_girl he is gay.
too-fucking-right. im still a nin virgin... a virgnin ... lawl.
it is! experimeting loads with it. i hate the uk and it's lack of things to do...
ah that sucks. yeah freshness  even the word is refreshing. anywho gotta be up early tomorrow  long day at work. goodnight!
yeah more like i stood and then sat down after awhile. hate you.
 @cjb2m5 i hate you both. and yes  i'm in bloody england.
lucky. fucking love bacon.
cold sucks... =(
srsly?? i hate myspace bc it is so disorganized. yes fb is accumulating more apps and ads but not nearly as much as myspace
the 4 major food groups are sugar  salt  alcohol  and fat. at least the american diet is.
(and damn those typos!) lol
damn straight. i just don't understand it. i was born thinking like this. i'd like to believe everyone else was  too... we'll see.
that sucks :-( there're 2 in leeds that i know of. small print also says you can use it in the house of fraser gap concession
fuck continental!!! though the prop plane was actually nice!!!
ooooo!! feel bad now cause you thought wrong about that. i sent my tweet in right after your nerd tweet.
not yet  i hate buying a new phone now because i know that lots of new stuff will be announced in q1.
if we could cover the debt  that would be one thing.  but  we produce nothing but fat kids and corn.  we can't even make cars!
i hate when that happens. let me guess  sales  and marketing need new web reports?... :/
oh yeah i hate that feeling. especially right before bed. have you tried booze? :-p
tak to si snad ani nemel psat... ted to budu muset stahnout a hrat.. damn.. a to mam ve fronte fallout  brothers in arms a dalsi
and yes  a low-fat diet will definitely help!
any guy who wants to engage in a conversation about being an asshole  and who calls himself a whore on his own blog  is worth it.
i'm just here to make sure he doesn't embellish things with those fancy-assed words of his. good words right order my ass ;-)
about damn time... oh  i mean  that sounds great sir.
dang that sucks. if i lived close i'd go help  though i am not handy. mostly for moral support.
ha i fucking love it!!! ask for a feature and it's live in 5 minutes. lol that is no longer my world
i just bought him a master chief action figure (not a doll- he says) and a light up cortana for xmas!  nerd!!!
why do you hate america?
awww damn. i was lookin forward to it. do will and rosario have crazy chemistry tho? im thinkin jada musta stressed this 1.
here's a whole damn post with a scribd presentation (how many social media...)..: http://bit.ly/thmh
i think you just answered your own question there. but yes  i did look like a retard.
i survived mass layoffs for the last 7 years. for the last 3 years we've been told we're muscle  not fat.
holy fuck! 5-14 already! so what does it snow everyday over there and in the summer does it rain everytday? buurrrrr i&lt;3 n va
we are fucking cursed we started 6-2 wtf it always happends
rather do it now then either mid-night or 7 o-clock in the fucking morning lol
damn. you really *are* the craft mafia now.
sucks to be you...i have stopped traveling for the holiday's and your starting...too funny
you know what's going to happen at 7:00pm central? an announcement will be made that ou still sucks. :-)  (ps i think ur right)
i just used  my blubbery ass  in a blog post. surely you can use  ballsy ....  ;)
r you pregnant or fat?
haha! i'm such a nerd!
i stand corrected.  actually that is why i live in michigan.  i'm a fat old guy and can't stand the heat ;)
fuck fox news...
damn that sounds soooo good right now  *jealous*
amen to that!  when i saw him on i am legend  omg i nearly lost my mind.  i was like damn  when did he get a body like that.
o.k now it's working   :(  damn youtube stressing me out  lol
awwww! i knew those damn haters were gonna do that.  thank goodness i coped it before it was deleted.  yay
i sure as hell wou'l not dat a chlamydia.  that would scare the piss outta me
  fuck sarah palin  the political version on sanjaya .....perfection.
 @panamenanegra i was talking wondering why $10 was takin so long had to go find his ass.  i was on my cc so it was this...
 @panamenanegra gonna tell me its my fault for having a cc.  wtf ?  wanted to knock is damn turban off.
 @kurot they hurt tat;; i hate going to the doctors...
i think he comes off better on part 2.. but he still kills pt 1 tho.. funny thing is i was in fat beats and i bought the cassete
lol my bumps not thta big but i can say with so much certainty thats its definatly not in my ass :p 9 weeks to go woo
damn never ever in life took a sip? lol... good times bro
damn crowd response socks you every time. bukkake
haha  she has a nice ass also.
holy schmack that sounds goooooood. why is peanut butter so damn delicious? if they had a pbj version  that would be my order
glad everyone is okay. it just sucks because he was looking forward to going for so long and then something happens!
library! i am a geeeeeeek  nerd  whatever . . .hate the creepy crawlies  no hot water  etc.!
i really hate 2008 goshh so much crap
wen it comes to other stuff shes so fast and then wen i ask for stuf frknn slow ass takes a month or two
lol...hahahaa wht a dumb ass lol
sucks to be you :) have fun regardless
yeah i just don't wanna do blackberry but they may wrestle me into it just because they r kind of the best. i hate 2 admit it.
i hate firefox. i'm a camino chic
don't have time to review the whole thing right now  but here - fucking - here.  i'll take contributions to the bottom line tks
it's not a bad coffee shop overall  just the one in the market sucks.  slow service in a poor location for traffic.
aw  don't hate on keith.  he's still smarting from that not-being-crowned-the-next-russert thing.  :)
that's really too bad.  but don't let one silly bitch spoil your vibes.  keep catching the melonheads.  :)
jesus fucking baby christ  stop twittering in all caps  motherfucker. i understand you're excited  well i'm not.
hahaha you went from santa to elf? i know our economy sucks but don't let them demote you  that quickly ;)
i just did the same thing. now it's miller time - okay  chardonnay and picture editing time  but it's still *my* time damn it!
being a nerd with a camera downtown http://snipurl.com/9a5ct
oh your're working tomorrow... well that sucks!
yeah! i hate complaining as it is a fellow soaper  but plagiarism just is awful!
http://tinyurl.com/these-hats-are-damn-tradition
damn dude... that's why my window just broke! the eod are on their way man! ;-)
i do hate the use of the x for christmas....  altho i don't capitalize anything...that bugs people tooo... :)
careful with that excess student loan money -- down the road  it bites you in the ass. love  an ass-bitten college grad.
damn  that's a really insightful way of looking at the structure and process of writing. helpful  too. thanks. :)
love them!  used to hate them with a passion as a kid but now - i can't get enough of them!! love them.
 @buddhfied last week my dad pulled 3 dvd movies off my shelf: bangkok love story  the houseboy  and locked up.  are these gay porn? 
the frontal nudity in locked up was integral to the plot and the prisoners' hotness. but not gay porn...ok  maybe soft gay porn lol.
haha i'm sure there is a hardcore locked up. the dvd i have is a german sub-titled movie...ok  gay erotica  but def not hard.
damn  i bought the wrong one!?
wow home cum i don't get dates like u get? i'm not feeling sorry for you anymore! have fun!
house cum sounds good too! :d
i was too scared to read it - i hate spiders too!
freak...freak...freak...there have a little more :)  what's an elf ot the shelf btw?
now that's the spirit and a whale of a good deed....thar he (snow) blows!
i hate the panthers man!!! my cuz is a huge panthers fan and i love to see him suffer when they lose... lol
damn i don't wanna be him. but i am sipping good!!!lol
i didn't get sad the alaska trip got postponed until i thought about some king alaskan snow crabs!!! damn i really wanted some!!!
you tell 'em man! ^_^ seriously  the whole country is f***ing freezing cold today. hate winter.
yes i am part but i put in pto and put gay for my reason on slip
i cant afford to call in gay i cant tell my bill collectors that
i am lookin  @ news in the chi damn!!!! stay warm n if u see my lil sis make sure she wears her coat!
o agree im catching a fucking cold. it was freezind in tx  now burning up in ga
just got pissed off by that damn facebook crap yuck
i hate godaddy  dont use them.  i have my own server.  @cprpoker uses a good one.
christmas is over  take off the damn hat already. and i'd yell at you on msn  but twitter is open  while msn isn't.
thanks lisa. you'd hate it here right now! it's pouring again!
hey dm me your addy...you get the can even if you don't get the job  'cause i hate coffee!
are u serious?  that sucks.  is it hard to get out of the new policies?
oh  i *know* it's on purpose!! some people hate that about ponies. i love it! such personality.
sure hope your dog will be ok. i'll be thinking of you. (i hate waiting for the vet to call.)
sucks for you. its a good cd.
yea  the weather sucks. and is only gonna get worse over the next two months.you're tempted to just get back on the plane? :p
lol! yes i am such a junkie. it's a love-hate relationship.
thank you for your ass!
its not hate on government  its hate on our existing government.
dood  seriously  why was 70's cinema so fucking crazy? seriously  the sex tease with the boat captain and preteen boys  like woah!
san diego  we will be in la in february  is this a destination that you would enjoy? your cock will feel awesome!
i hate that. stupid gator fans. making christians look bad. :)
checked it out...looks like it's well on it's way to being pretty damn awesome :)
a frienf of mine did the mud run. said it was a bitch showering. lol
that sucks. wish i could help u. :(
i've always heard. nerd: obsessed with learning stuff  geek: obsessed with a single topic (star trek)  dork: socially inept
damn way to invite me homes
~ anyone w/10k followers merits kick ass tips! . ..& keep that aloha spirit flowin' because the mainland definitely needs it!!
damn it!!!!! its is first all about me  so you should totally blow off your other plans :)
you might have just made a discovery in cosmetics! use dark energy to destroy fat!
hahah! i am sure she'll hate twitter for this  if not me :p
 @hollyrhoffman it's the damn humidity! it's so hot and gross and humid!
tash! i miss ya crazy ass!!
well  you can only watch one at a time but we have 3 since i hate watching  sd tv  now
this is why i hate partying with people i work with. they want to talk about work the whole time
nerd. lol. it was yummy. but its not bread. cake :)
poor thing. at least you got in okay. and you didnt have to sit next to a psycho bitch for 2 hours.
dont worry im not anywhere near that club 2nite..ghetto ass poetry club
lol damn... im sorry?
aww that sucks! sorry to hear it :(
what is that?  and yes  it's damn cold  about 5 degrees in mpls.  at least you're in texas  stop complaining my friend!
so the one that really mattered was a fail? that sucks!
lol  i'm so out of it right now that when i read what you last wrote  i thought you said   i'll freak with you.   lol  woww
damn right i do.  :)
designing the css afterparty flier with your long ass name... its wreckin my brain.
u r so damn witty
...what bitch...we have too be ready for  spring  or watever
was nice finding u on the poopy smelling train..i hate being on there alone
haha thanks  i was supposed to go to some parties tonight too but i need to prepare for these damn holiday meals.
that sucks. my mbp came with a dvi out and a vga adapter dongle.
true. we all loved david wells. and let's face it  cc makes me look thinner. ummm  well  not as fat.
the radical democrats hate this choice. so  theefore it must be good.
damn why you on ya old lady movement?
lazy ass hahaha
joydaily  damn...no it doesn't...lol.
oh i meant to tell you that i hate you! you partied with angelina jolie? and you didn't get her number for me? some friend!  ;-)
i hate you... but also loves you for giving me something to dream about tonight. ;-)
after about the sixth dimension that video becomes a total mind fuck!
the way fat people (who want to slim) look at thin people?
get the fuck out! wtf.
sorry im jus sick of the bullshit  i jus freestyle spoke dino  fuck off lol
damn i miss high school when the sneaker game was ill
...mounting comcast sucks soapbox now...
i hate when it snows cuz people out here can drive!!!
i hate the fact that you are addicted to twitter. but anyways  lets pop imaginary prozac pills together and enjoy the holidays.
don' hate on the grove...it's still quite nostalgic! lol!
i think the only fight i was off on was the griffin fight.  love that guy  but damn if he didn't get totally pwnt.
you know what sucks?  family.  that's what sucks.
no taco bell  damn i lives through you  they closed the one up here!!
i love big bang it is hilarious..and makes me not feel lilke such a nerd. btw how is the jonas situation?
that means  @mamatulip isn't leaving you for the fridge? (you being the bitch that is staying)
i hate the fail meme because it's mean. fc was more funny than mean. ps my real initials are pjk
none about right now  but there is a big croc hunt going on up north   australia- where the wildlife will fucking kill you 
twerp is a word that needs to make a comeback.
hahaha! best quote in a long time.  i'm gonna write gay porn and everythings awesome  win
http://twitpic.com/t9za - of fuck. i'm so happy you guys are working  but don't get overworked. it does look pretty cool though.
damn. i just lost too. thanks alyssa. and i decided that patd's new cd isn't so bad.
omg i wish....the bitch is kocker up as is lol
this kitchen is qa bitch thus far  and night
did you put on nickis pants tring to be emo?
i hate everything about you- 3 days grace
lol! damn this painful shyness :p
that would freak me out  i hope you feel better!
that sucks & they're definitely missing out!  people should expand their horizons.
old fat finger type suing when i ment using
i would hate to see the #text messaging bill when ever  @leolaporte sends a msg. 67k followers *$0.20/txt msg = $13400.00/tweet
hey  last night was kick ass good times. forget the negativity  it's meaningless. let the good times roll =d
i hate the vibrate on the moto q  period. it is so loud.
seriously?! damn  i've got tata sky. :(  :p
wanted to change my username -- 'v4sudh4' sucks. at least  'qbarq' sounds  better than 'meow' or 'spherical cow'. :/
cause every damn tweet has they name in it. i think they payin you ;o)
we might not get power back until sunday  which truly sucks. thank god for hotel wi-fi!
i don't blame you  don't worry  hes totally gay for rodney
you def have to do that...philly cheesteak is like no other...i can't eat it on the reg but damn they good as hell! :-)
yuck! unless you are openly gay & consider yourself 2 be a drag queen...no man should ever be rockin' heels nevamind stilettos!
awww damn why you gotta remind me! lol
the worst is looking and touching the clothes and having to drag my ass out of the shop. f***. not easy.
lol  they did adverts for it in the middle of the afternoon and i imagined kids going 'mummy  what's a whore?'
it was such a great time for real music  great fashion & hair. do u remember the word  poser? 
obama doesn't support gay marriage  but doesn't support a constitutional ban - states choose.  http://tinyurl.com/4upez4
fuck. my iowa app is due 1/3. i have to prioritize skool stuff. i hope ec is splendid if i can't be there. queerdo powahh!
those soubd so cute!! don't u luv/hate when u make gifts so well u want to keep them?
i hate facebook too..i get so angry when i find myself on it...
real fucking good times.
i really wanted paterson joseph. matt smith looks like a bit of a dick... but quite interesting at the same time.
nothing more frosting won't fix.. and  @hildebrant gun shots.. phoenix. that is like nacho's and fat guy's.. it's a given.
i had to do that the other day  the bots are fucking annoying.
yeah that was my general feeling the whole time i worked at hot topic. going in to work was a fucking chore.i'm sure it's worse now
yeah  band of brothers just 10 episodes? but damn they are 700mbs each :'(
jeez dude! who said you are not a big blogger? ignore braggers. and why giving a damn about something  somebody said 'online'.
damn straight! give your momma a kiss for me too... and tell her that i want my sweater back o_o
lol... damn... me too... o_o
word.  that's what's up.  i was sippin' earlier.  only good part about the night  @ this weak ass spot.
wow. why did i just see this tweet? damn  son.  super late.
forget my loser classmate  i need to go to vegas with *you* next time (if your husband doesn't mind) :)
considering your love of infrastructure  *you* should speak to nat'l ass'n of counties in march  not chuck todd http://is.gd/dgf5
i remember when i realized i needed to stop wearing shit from pacsun & metropark. getting old sucks.
it's so depressing.  i hate valentines anyway. what is the equivalent 'bah humbug' to valentines?
i hate restaurants full of couples  involved people looking smug because they got a card/flowers n the pressure to be with some1
either that or you hate doing the dishes!
i totally missed your giveaway...damn and i wanted that!
a 14 hour nap!  gosh.  that's a long ass nap!
 @ricksavage damn i wish i was watching elf. instead i'm watching drunks on the dance floor
thanks steph about the carters  i don't frequent there too much  i hate their sizing charts.  i love  childrens place  though
ooo  yuch! did he forfeit his ticket? that sucks. :( tell him to go to argentina instead - in my opinion  it's way better. :)
so what was the opposite of a reindeer sweater? and why do you hate skype even more now?
mine would be this love  this hate. it was the first one i ever heard of theirs. my favorite one not on the cd is the natives.
well i hate your phone. bam!
i would rather clean the bathroom than most any other chore  as it doesn't have to be done daily!  i hate dishes...
it's stupid for me to be upset over  really. fuck.
can you please make me a dance your ass off video? kthxbye.
it would stop me listening to song so much i hate it later
#name?
that's exactly what snapped me out of my funk. she was way 2 sparkly & loved xmas. she would hate it if i was gloomy
in brit's freakshow  doesn't it sound like she says  i'm about to shave my ass?  she really says  i'm about 2 shake my ass 
i've been bobbypinning mine back daily.  i hate stupid bangs.  i don't know why i continue to think its cute
i have noticed that ny is trying to slim down myself.  aren't they posting all fat grams of all food?
i'm not in a relationship to scare off anyone so i thought fuck it.  i'm saying it. could use a baby snuggle
that's funny. my gf just has too many clothes on there  she says she has skinny and fat clothes  and can't get rid of either set
i miss you guys. munich airport sucks.
nah i hate watermarks.. plus i should stop being a hypocrite though as i post things out of google image search on the regular.
they don't really want it with either of us fat phonies. i'm just saying.
personally  i was just thinking fuck chase bank. there are no good ones. they're all snakes.
nick that video is so fucking killer
and i would have done it too if it weren't for those meddling kids and their damn dog!!
unless d steals your insulin again. fuck d.   _o /
 @jenndow  @jenf80 and you call me a twitter-whore. xd
aw. that sucks. we'll have plenty of good food  wine  and company for you after though.
ridiculously?  damn  you beat me.  i'm just pretty.
what the fuck is a _________? (insert your govt' name in blank)
oh that sucks. i get yelled at for not wearing sunscreen so i just go home haha.yeah i'm excited too. its right in the cbd!
fuck i feel bad for you. what pack did you get?
oh damn. and yes  i am an xmen freak. not too big  but still a freak.
oh! that's what i need. some damn coffee...lol.
wow  that sucks. is that even legal?
wp.com? cuz that'll get you deleted. and google's reviewing the way they rank blogs  for this very reason. they hate it.
sounds like you hate all your classes. be a happy teacher!
oooh!  i hate it when that happens.  dh to the rescue!
hate to bring bad news  but if your vw won't jump  chances are the belt or alternator is shot. for your sake  i hope it's the belt.
i just noticed that they're opening for 'em. damn  i'm stupid.
: no it is not. ass!
yep  we have a winner. i flaming gay winner.
the one thing i miss about my valet 2nd job was the free prosciutto. oh how i miss that salty pig.
haha  please have a huge party now...just to piss them off
it happens. my body fat is down to 11.2% - so it's time to hit the weights again.
i love trains. but they are pretty damn expensive
it is and especially because she was targeted because of her orientation. i hope they're prosecuted under hate crime statutes.
i think that's generallyt true about the element of hate but some crimes aren't personal like burglary. some like this are.
i hate that song! why is he in the store by himself? how do we know she's in the hospital and it's not a scam to resell shoes?
looked at pasteninja and think it's great. you should use pig latin for your translation test. set browser to  la  for testing. :-)
man  that is fucking sad. reminds me of how my friend with ptsd went missing after iraq  homeless  for 4 months in vegas.
well  i was a super biology nerd in high school and voted most artistic. so  it was a hard decision on what i should do.
yes today sucks already indeed.
damn! you people like your blowtorches! i'm feeling left out... i don't even own one. =( sad panda
trying not to hate you right now
you are beautiful  but i hate you cos you aren't here today and i am
#name?
freak  man  i just got rick roll'd.  but my respect for macy's thanksgiving floats just went way up.
but vader had a cool clubhouse... tils his even whinier and more emo son blew it up
jebus is he 2 already??? fuck i feel old
pick up the damn phone!
ughh me too. and i worked for estee lauder throughout college and i still hate the cosmetic dept. i dont even have allergies either
thank you so much for the energy!! i wish i definitely knew it was teething  i hate not knowing. he just stopped sleeping!!
i hate to say i use gmail to avoid deleting emails. i still have messages from '05!! but they're mostly tucked away in folders.
thanks ... i'm still working for that damn six pack. when are you going to train me?
i did my first 45 min kettlebell workout and it kicked my ass! i was inspired by your blog. thanks :)
yeah  i would have fucking killed some one if i hadn't saved it. still  400 dpi is way to high for my computer.
windows mobile sucks!
damn  you're right... we do hate windows :)
oh noes! damn elves
honest wud be better... to be true.. now i hate that post..
stick with it sanj  get's more useful the more you use. don't follow this dick's example: http://tinyurl.com/6xe883
oh ok! well  i'm gonna be damn busy for the next 6 months  as i need to work day & night to expand my online thingy. good luck!
it's damn boring. stay away from that movie and watch the day the earth stood still instead!
anyways  i give a damn! if they are acting like snobs  i can't help it.
yes  i remember telling you that. it was not easy  but i worked my ass off all these months  optimizing my work for this day!
:o andrew u loser u have no life :p lol but i m gonna try to beat u
hows ur weekend amber?mines boring as fuck!shit i want an  @reply from gabe..that's all i ask.shit i'll just send u a message
well idk if that will even do any good.can u stop by here?please?!!oh he'll reply to d/a's that bitch but not to me?...
don't worry my english sucks too! thanks!
i know  bruce springsteen fucking rules  he's the boss
it is always a pain  always takes longer than you expect.  i hate waiting until friday  it means the weekend too (for me).
agreed  hate the click for more.  my blog is the same way  need to change that. it is pretty annoying.
thanks.  we're delayed about 12 hours - damn cargo! animal skins and scrap metal  i think - so i'm heading up there early tues.
well  i don't know if you have heard or not... but i hate it.
damn! threw down for the good stuff
damn riffner  that sounds rly fun.
damn shaq. sorry 2 hear that  my guy. bless her soul & rest assured she is n a better place. my prayers go out 2 ur fam.
what genre exactly? i hate going to imdb  it is full of spoilers... is it like... rocky horror show ?
i normally would but i go w/ my friends so i dont lose my motivation. i hate going as it is  lol.
i was able to view - windows --  ie is not the most recent  can't remember the damn #'s
i agree. they'll use whatever excuse is convenient to  trim the fat. 
the great state of minnesota...i am very jealous. although i am not one to  complain  haha  i hate cold!!!!
haha  that's funny...this stuff is ridiculous. no wonder people hate these guys.
lol pre-monday... ain't that the fucking truth.
fuck you just keep getting cooler  first with the movie and now you're watching the office  good job lol :d
omg stop being so damn cool lol i wanna see benjamin button more than anything right now
wait like gregory house  cause that would fucking kick so much ass lol
i'll forgive you beth :):) it's just i'm staying home today sick  which pretty much sucks hard
oh well now i feel like a dick :(:( i wasnt actually angry anyway  im going to bed now  so i would have been ditching you lol
damn  well at least i got the movie thing right  great movie huh? i love when comedic actors go serious
oh well wtf lol add that to your list of  stephen told me to watch   it's fucking awesome  will is amazing in it :)
how can you not like elf? will ferrell is fucking brilliant in it
jeez im right here  how many times do i nee....damn i dont think youre talking about me again  you need to be more accurate
well i know have a reason to stay  people arent ditching me due to suspicious circumstances  so get your ass on aim now
my top 5 movies right now are banjamin button  harry potter 6  watchman  star trek (yes nerd) and valkyrie  im excited:d lol
omg i feel so dumb that was fucking epic
i like the paris hilton one  that one made me fucking laugh lol good job
when you say you know them do you mean like personally cause that would fucking rock lol
fuck you man lol they are like one of by favourite bands  you should get me some free merch lol
man i wish i had one too to back up my files. oh well sucks to be me lmao. see ya soon  peace.
lol.. yeah im routing for the british dude too! but i just wanna see how beyonce takes on a non singing role! i know u hate her!
frak the trainer.  work out w/o him.  don't quit because he's a dick.
do not bitch about the temperatures while i'm up in the freezing tundra of the north or i'll slap yer pregnant ass  love.
i have a tray of peeled prickly pears chilled in my fridge - they are damn delicious if you pay someone to remove the pricks.
and kayleigh would not go to her damned room. i'm exhausted and she's fucking around.
thanks ur an angel. my header is horrible  i hate it but need time to make something prettier. also gotta set up analytics
ilove my at&tcard.  it has worked great nationwide.  my verizon card was good until the last update and since it sucks.
that sucks man! what was it?
sorry for the woes  but damn you sound good!
hahahah aw.  i support the faux-man hate.  although  i tend to support real-man-hate nowadays  too.... =/
i know  i hate that! it'd be one thing if apple tv wasn't just a  hobby   but it is - shouldn't we all get us some hd content?
exactly! and then the french people would be mean and send us to germany because they hate americans.
fuck isnt filtered is it?
and who is gonna make them do business together? you have to understand. pals hate israelis. wish them all dead.
shia labeuaf is dead to the world. he's probably not making any movies because he sucks.
sorry if i offended you? i just really hate shia labeuaf. sorry if i came off as a bit rude. i'm in a bad mood.
i'm sure tons of people hate him. like all but one of his movies suck. plus. i'm a 16 year old boy. i hate everyone.
i'm so mad at america. they didn't sign a law stating you can't torture gays for being gay. i was so offended. this was 3 days ago.
i'd love one of your yummy jew cupcakes...not riding these days  however  as fat can testifies  so no cupcake for me! :(
 @igniter hate to say it  but i can't make the convo today. take my space for someone else.
saulrand i that group = i love that group. damn 140 character limit! lol
happy birthday dan panosian the super queen of love/hate/power/savy/hollywood and cake
perhaps i should call it that to freak the family out.
i absolutely hate collections  don't you??? sucky part of job.
damn  i need a job at  your place!
morning. how u 2day? pls tell gary we practising at 4pm 2day. i will cum early 2 pick up parcel at gatesville post office.
should have read  don&#8217;t forget to enter my contest . but it chopped off the  est . what a whore...lol
yeah.. :c my brother freaking sucks (in case you did not see the other message seen what i said to my other friend).
will u pick up ur damn phone???
oooh damn that sounds good!
you tell that bitch snowstorm nothing ain't gonna get you down!
that muthatrucka didn't say a damn thing 2 me bout it.i'm gonna kick him in the balls
let's see what else comes my way  and then we'll see.  i hate to take your gift card.  lol
that rly sucks gabe. drink a lot of warm tea! it helps me when i have a sore throat but then again urs is much more srs. :(
i hate bra shopping as well!!
aw  that sucks. get better soon  saurez.
i hate the cold. wish i wasn't working today  either. but oh well. it's almost christmas!
damn  gurl  you goin' places.
those dogs look fat to me!! ;-)
eek that sucks... the floor under is going bad?
- rubacky's just too damn cute. :-) he's one of the best ams around  too.
-- i'm an attention whore  man. it was only a matter of time. ny &gt; ca.
 @shayscene --i'm sayin'! i mean  i'm a winnie cooper guy  but topanga was a good ass woman. plus...the rack! yowza!
man i didn't hate you until i found out you've been to france a few times.
hey matt  i hate to say it...... but maybe its you!  or  do you break things just so you can be the hero.... cool idea!
yearly moby dick readathon in new bedford where melville began his story of the great white whale
#firstcar was a 1979 rust colored  small subaru station wagon. it was a pos but had 4wd & a bad ass kicker speaker in the back
totally!! and he's a bit too much  a capuccino of this  and  a pur&#233;e of that  for my liking. the kids also seemed to hate him!
yup  gypsy bitch is one of my faves from devil doll
i hate the judge shows
i also hate talk shows and reality tv.
i don't want a car. times like this make me glad i drive a big ass suv
i just hate seeing that pretty face in that sqaure and those clever tweets next to it with  via web  underneath!  *sigh*
madonna concert w/  @lcastinado. got here in 15 mins and got free vip parking. sweet-ass!
it sucks when the kids are sick and it is all night.  worse than toothache is vomit in the middle of the night.
haha. total poser.
i hope you're right... i hate watching the skers struggle like they have  although we went through it once upon a time as well
i agree with you... just hate that we're going to be hearing about it. only hoped for their loss so mack could move on and grow up.
yo peezy... celeb status already??? i mean damn.. it hasnt even been a week yet!!! eh..i dont mind and im sure you dont mind :d
they mad that they don't grind hard enough to get signed  reason why a lot of ppl hate charles hamilton
hate is good tho  free publicity  ppl who hate don't realize how much good it does to the other person
look at soulja boy  many many many ppl hate him and constantly talk about him  all that is free publicity
alos  do you knwo how to change my ia username? my current one sucks + the department (mstv) has been dispanded
hey  it's still the new year here hehe( and unfortunately  i'm still a smart ass). happy new year! i'm jealous of your trip.
omg i would have went postal on her ass.  seriously
aw that sucks!  hope you are feeling better soon!
take the damn job even if it's just a meager stipend!
as long as its not ass hair you are ok!
hello fellow icm nerd : )
joe the plumber: scofflaw  activist  or just another cheap-ass?
are you hitting on me now too? damn it. maybe i do need my comic avatar back!
damn man sorry to hear that
wow for awhile i thought i was the only one getting these poser follows... phewwww nightmare over. thanks
damn right!  whats the point in having friends in the business if you can't get free shit from them?
i'd hate to sound jaded  but daft punk ruined everyone else because they could never come close. :( robot human
i hate hot weather  makes me want to punch people... just because it's hot
loli hate 'em too. i try to eat clean now and get all of what i can from lean meats. for you i know is a different case. protein bars?
i hate to admit it but  you appear to be more jamaican than i am :-s :p
damn right! i don't do many things well but cheese is one of them.  we're gonna release rudolf on itunes to try to grab the xmas #1
damn me and my  purty  mouth!  why couldn't i have been born with an ugly one!
damn it. i lost any cred i had built up with murs.  @srhaber: yes  love the new dcfc record!
i know fuck them
sorry my friend...no other team do i hate more than the cowboys...i do want jason witten to do well though
o. m. g. freak. no offense.
that's 'cause i was rolling about in it earlier. you better be getting a fuckin' skullet tomorrow. cunt.
damn that shit probably gonna be pack like a can of spam
that was so. damn. funny.
blue better be your color  chick. fuck.
hah  wish i could do that. being a part of  essential operations  sucks :(
you'd god damn well better be an engineer. all i'm saying.
such a hater. damn  if you want some just ask instead of bashing it.
.... only got to find out how gay some people are! hahahaha!
because secretly  you hate yourself.  ^^
i hate imovie 2008. i downloaded the older version.
i don't mind using the exclamation point. it's the overuse  i hate. i have some teacher friends using 3-4 after every sentence!
i hate comic sans. i have tried for 10 years to get it out of the schools. teachers love it.
sucks man. tire* sorry spelling/grammar freak. yeah it's fantastic. wore me out though.
lol. seriously? each to their own... me  i hate oysters...
odd  bloxx banned worstseoblog on my system  prohibited by url database (hate-and-discrimination) . gah.
lmao. dont you like to piss off everyone as a rule?
too bad i don't want you to taste my juicy pussy.
no i haven't tasted my own pussy. i don't bend that way.
dont hate your life... friday is just round the corner... :p
awww baby  it's gonna be a fat bastard dinner for me on sat night!
stick with digg reddit sucks big time.
its the fat white one. when the recession is over would buy logitech dinovo bt kb sweet!
i love the new photo. sexy  gay doris day  in its own way
damn u and ur single malt all i got is a blend :(
:p as much as i love the holidays i hate xmas music and decorations... oh and hate snow...
omg... lol i hate myself im gonna take some ambien ill catch u later :p when i wake from my coma
damn... i envy ur bandwidth :(
damn fwy is still all red! what's wrong with people?
kick ass at the gre today!
sucks about that flu bug you are going to come down with on thursday. feel better!
mad? fuck that least coast noise.
which you are taking to mean they would be  mandated  to teach gay marriage  as part of sex education curriculum  #tcot ?
crazy lawsuits happen every day. god and the fabric of mankind is more powerful than gay marriage or a canadian lawsuit #tcot
just remind libs that barack obama is against gay marriage and like everything else they will follow #tcot
i hate hives.  get well soon!
oh  you'll get used to it.  just learn to type less.   elmn8 vwls u dnt need.  oh god  i feel like aim whore...
damn you.. i miss talking to u go on msn once in a while -.-
btw gort is the fucking doomsday robot - and still manages to have greater range than mister reeves.
- re: conservative leader of manitoba - glad to know you remained polite & civil.  did you tell him  @stephenharper is a dick?
#name?
- you bitch slappin  @kevinrose over da weather - lol
fight it sweetheart i would hate for you to lose that beautiful voice to smoking
i flat hate when things get  silly  like this and it's all of a $16 000 sale on top of it. a time eater that's for sure...
 @pistachio auto-dms are the reason i disabled text message from twitter to my phone. what a pain in the ass!
that question sucks. jb played hard & consistent; km was hard and chaotic and brilliant. i think it's a straight up tie.
damn bro. next time go partying like that  holla!
he  he and some people bitch about never hearing back from them ;-)
i don't fuck wit t.o. nomore either  it ain't romo fault he can't catch!!
michigan doesn't make superstars...... just regular ass players look at charles woodson
i'm good for a lot more than some damn pie but that's another conversation lol
that's even more gay then your previous gayest statement ever made........
hate you because you're leaving or because you like arcade fire?
i hate that ups' delivery time is between 9am and 7pm.
i get the stress jaw ache sometimes  it always sucks when its there when you wake up  like your body is anticipating the stress:)
don't hate the player hate the game
the custard cream thing makes me crave some proper bird's custard  as hot as possible. damn you!
surely it will. and damn us all! especially keanu!
that's such balls. i wish they would fuck off and leave the bbc alone.
shut up please  it is too damn early for ur singing
why do you hate america?
no kidding.  economy's crumbling  crooked politicians  violence  hate and discontent... what! oprah's gained weight!!!
i hate toughpads.  that is why i am buying a mouse.
2 spare ass annie tracks in 2 podcasts! what a joy ;) + i love sufjan stevens so was great to hear one of the xmas tracks nice one
agreed.... i mean honestly  off the wall  and thriller.. nobody is fucking with those...
that sucks. security issues i take it?
i won't cheer! do u have this  kick u in the back of the head really hard  variant? sucks! 3rd day of ultra shittiness! ibruprfn
 @martinandlegend i have an absess in a very uncomfortable place. waiting on the surgeon's opinion. this sucks.
not a damn thing besides him leaving his macbook pro in my car because he was to lazy to get up and get outta my car
more. sucks. totally bambaffled. if yours is flat you should certainly demand a refund.
well  i'm wearing underpants and a shirt. i'm not a fucking savage.
wheres the fucking egg nog brah?
damn  looks like you blew up on youtube since i was banned. grats  good luck bro.
yeah  that would piss me off something terrible too... but you could regift it to a young relative...
that's a good point  the kids in my family are already bad ass... good yours aren't corrupted.
i'm sorry i got u all involved  i can't wait to see vick's cry tonight  i'm even skippin a party to see this bitch.
i'm so sorry  i used to hate transcribing lame interviews...
wouldn't it have been smarter for bet to do something on blacks in politics... damn i hate that station!!
man that would be awesome- i might make a fail whale sign for moments like that.
that sucks. my first account is still banned for hacking. (mate sent em to me) lost all mah games. :(
do you really think chris pirillo is going to respond to your question.. if he does then i'll feel like an ass..
don't hate. we'll get you a present too. just turn around. :)
damn. gonna miss a meet here in dc. would be fun to broadcast one on blogtv to those that can't make it. have fun tonight
hate to ask a dumb question  but wouldn't twitter *already* be considered mainstream?
damn i had way too much fun as usual doing our jordan picture spam! i had great dreams on nkotb & strip poker! lol
- yea man these big bloggers always think they are the best.. will have to show them x-( i fking hate big bloggers..
- you know some ppl like to piss off others and today i was a victim of this x-( sad but thx for those words ;)
i fucking know! i bet some asshole offered more. such a bullshit lie. and i've been waiting for packages and nothing!!
i think it's jmo1200. i bought the tim biskup from him. he's a fucking ass &gt;:/
in womanizer? i know i just saw it for the first time. she is fucking hot again. goodness.  i'm a slave for you  = hottest
lol. i don't care. i'm a wise ass too :)
lmao! it's so funny  bounce that ass 
damn  now  the yurt market was my secret niche!  now everyone will know!
i am glad the snow turned to ice now when k rock beats you  you can take off your underwear and sit in it bare ass. youll  be sore
sucks they only made like 20 of them
that sounds like a plan. :) kick ass  indeed. and any beat that stands the test of time is a banger  for true.
hi! yea  hate rolling out in it  but gotta do the do. you doing alright?
you forgot the  magic  word:  ahem  allow me...  please  fuck you...  there now.
ways to kick your own ass in the gym? bring in a coke and fries with you  or wear a polyester leisure suit.
 @mniehaus mms from naples to home - had the entire family in tow. got stuck overnight in detroit airport.  hate that place now.
meant that to be public. mindtouch and zenoss finalists in jolt awards enterprise cat. you're going down bitch! http://is.gd/cleo
lmao loser that was under nda...
sounds almost as good.  original halo was great.  next fri night with no wife we should nerd it out with wii  xbox & movies!
damn good game last night  roar scored in the last minute of the 1st and then the last 2 minutes of the 2nd.
oh sweet! sucks though that you work new year's: my condolences.
i'm taking a redo: what has two thumbs and a 4.0 gpa this semester? this bitch right here!!  *gesticulates towards self with thumbs*
damn  je hebt me door
lol well lemme tell you  it sucks ass. once you go blackberry you cant ever go back. unless you go iphone.
soulja boy sucks at life
awe man that is going to piss alot of people off.
damn it's raining here.
i've put in planning for monmouth beach but the environment minister  andrew vanwyngarden from mgmt  is a bit of a hard ass.
like what the fuck is this! then two months later it's everyones cut!
i hate bleach i have sensitive skin but i fits to have my mw!
i'd still be walking around with it stuck to my ass if that one kid hadn't laughed so hard when i stood up from the lunch table. ;-)
long piece on that on my fb page and got bitch-slapped.  but i'm not interested in social networking by someone's  people 
that sounds about right. i hate it when the homoerotic kissing is cluttered up with too much exposition  after all.
penn and teller pussy?
 your never supposed to go full retard! 
i thought the joke was funny. i hate chicks who are all like  i like to do this and that nautity deed  then u get em alone and
they don't do any of it. them they try to front afterwards  like  i did this and that to him last night!  i hate when chicks lie
this is why i like you man...quick thinker. come to think of it.. i haven't seen a pic of  mrs.teacher at all.damn thumbnail avs
my mets need to chill with all that  team to beat  shit. the need to be  the team that doesn't choke on dick  first.
most black shows nowadays are about bourgie ass  successful black people... which is cool to see  but...
yeah. i peeped that shit too and left a comment. the wizard? really? damn. who doesn't homeboy have a mix on?
sheeeeit. i'll watch shawn bradley's 9-foot-tall ass get rejected by everyone including the rim any day.
see... i only seen like 10 minutes of that show. it hurts too much. i'm from the damn projects too. i know 5 000 frankies.
my denny's boycott stands. fuck steve harvey.
yeah  those little mutant scooters are zooming around brisbane now too. i can't help but hate them more than normal scooters!
if i could run os x on a toughbook  you're damn sure i'd get one today.
i agree. i want to marry him too. damn gay marriage and polygamy not being legal. grrrr. although i'd settle for a shag...
i came across some funny ass footage of u  seth  dae  etc. the other day when cleaning my harrd drive
hi! i hate packing too...lol  i make my mom do it....it's alot easier
i do understand! i was trying to piss you off! and it worked!
aw damn. now i have to go to lunch on time.
fucking awesome - i need to play that again
ahhh that night was a total fucking blur! u live in ny?
http://twitpic.com/vl1t - absolutely no idea what she sees in you bro. mia - keep kicking ass  love what you're doing on your ...
firstgiving.com and firstgiving.org are the same site - but both don't load for me at work. it's our firewall or something. sucks.
yo baby maker... love my iphone... hate the auto-correct... they need to teach it  hip .
grr... having given up meat  this burger talk is killing me. and god knows i hate being even remotely identified as a virgin.
i think i'm hating the celtics more  sorry. :|  they won last year. and i hate kobe  but he's a damn good player
what the hell is the point of tweeting from an ipod touch if you are just going to use the mobile web interface. get a fucking app
that's my dad's reasoning. i just hate the shit out of kobe bryant though. i think i'm rooting lakers though.
i'm the same way! i think it's cuz they're all so damn nice when i wouldve otherwise assumed they were super bitches
i spy chrystal while they're recording behind andys drum set. haha i fucking love this!
i so do!! when i come to visit we shalll. woohoo! i cannot wait. =)) love you  bitch!!
lucky bitch. i'm jealous. =d we see him next week! oh yes. marry me?
go to urgent care? he does but he kissed me and smacked my ass hahaha. yum.
me to=( this sucks...
that is an awesome analogy/comment because turkey bacon sucks lol if your going to have bacon it should be real!
i'll get my beer before too long... that's for damn sure! lol
but its a-fucking-dorable  look at the bugger.
drunken twitter kicks ass!
i hate when that happens.
as someone who spent many years in phoenix  i think the desert creatures would freak if they saw snow.
in the same boat as you lady...hate the anticipation!
 @elainea nnnaaaahhh...60th follower sucks  i want to be 61st!!  yay me  i'm 61st!!!
what??!  did you talk to your attorney?  what is wrong with the dog?  i hate vet bills.
actually i think that would be brendon. so we would have rufus_: i hate jackhammers. brendon: jackhammers??? cupcakes!!!
but tequila lures me in...then bitch slaps me silly.  last night there was none of that.
i would hate for my baby to have hair that is wild and unmanageable! just come home looking like a fraggle
girl...you good. lol at hearing your own name... call me when you can. i'm the graduate damn it! lol
oh my god thank you. i hate it here in cali! though  you should wait till it gets hot. then it sucks more. lol
no it just got a little juvenile for me. and i hate edward...which is a problem if you want to like twilight.
wel nt da same 4me. i follow news more than anything bt i prefer reading news papers.i hate nws chnls as they tk 2mch on phon:)
damn straight  tom. if you can't do it for the lulz  what can you do it for?
damn! no good. have a good time man.
ic that sucks though  good luck then man  i might be getting the iphone  im going to crack it for tmobile
2008 was the year i started  fucking paying attention   as one friend said i wasn't doing before.
i hate that.
now if only he wasn't a hate and fear mongering a-hole...
i'm sure she can do some new headshots for you... although you are neither a bride nor a bitch.
yeah i want one! but fuck if i cant find one anywhere.
damn  that sucks that i missed her. i take it she is gone already...
yeah me either... i don't even know where the damn databases are stored. its in asp (original style)... yay!
i feel left out  lol  jk... being bored sucks  =/
she has a big ass.  sistas been having big asses for ever and we get no credit for it!  kim k  j-lo  vida  they have big
asses and it's like the whole world is like   omg  i have never seen an ass like that ever in life!   wut?!?!!  outrage! lol
bro u haven't seen school of rock??? that movie is royal ass kicker. another one of jack black's awesomes. seen be kind rewind?
hah  next you're going to start demanding ass-grabs as payment for those metronauts shirts.
&lt;3 funxykins. fuck planet earth indeed &lt;3
hate wall-e? your girlfriend has no soul. eat her.
it was fucking personalized. damn it.
tell me where you want to go. i'll be there. i'm at woofs. it sucks. :(
it's ok to bitch. just be as quick to post good stuff too. life is too great to just focus on the bad shit.
is a long-ass dinner a good thing?
damn maybe i should drive up and join u
yes indeed and french vanilla ice cream in it.  it's horribly calorie and fat laden but worth it!
nothing to fuck up. grey hair  grey eyes  palest skin. just change the colors not styles.
yeah  but we have kass' weak wannabe columns.  oh joy.
thanks for updating  but whoever he is  ask that mofo to shut the fuck up and nobody asked him to follow me on twitter
dropping nuke and all are old trends.......tell them tht u will remove vimax ads fom thr site if they piss u off :)
ur right.......just managed to lock my phone and the fucking phone now asking me puk code:(
commiserating in the flu club (mine is tummy flu) w you. def. sucks being sick.
that sucks. same feeling as when a place you've been wanting to photo shuts it's doors or burns down. ugh.
it's so true. using someone else's computer sucks!  sorry about yours.
 @graf808 damn it you two  get a room already! ;-p
anytime love. hey how was that exam! i just remembered. and lol aint that a bitch re: liking people. it never seems to work right
haha yeah il only be leaving this land for one  hot minute  at a time lol. i hate that term hot minute :p aim is being wack btw
fine... here's a pic... of my grandmas fat cat. :p http://snipurl.com/93pdr
we keep it utmost real. now get ya ass to ny
thank you especially how they turned optimus prime basically into a big ass american flag. effects were ill tho u cant front!
welcome to the fag brigade! sorry  sorry  i meant to say  welcome to twitter!  is lumieru on lj. :3
i guess with a  don't buy - updates soon  rating  i better wait. damn!
no  not ever.  i'd freeze to death  and i hate feeling  cold .
don't you just hate suspended people? they should be good.
local and etsy...i'm done giving my $ to fat cats that produce elsewhere.
don't buy it....1 study  many people don't want to see solar go anywhere (fat cats)...they've been fighting it for 40 years.
awesome. now getchur ass to work.
yeah you should. fucking dumbass.
yep  i was thinking of you when on geekcast and talking about how much i hate inspirational tweets :)
i hate the  let's play introductions  throwaway day in classes of more than 5 at the beginning of a semester.
o.  well then.  fuck santa.
i hate that. then they have kids of their own and they're all  why didn't you tell me it was so hard? 
oh damn. i only have one strike. but no spares!
i think editorialising of news reports and blogging are not the same. i hate the first and the bbc is regular offender
i thought their single wasn't that good. that's too bad it all sucks. but i haven't played out their old stuff too much.
i'm going to the mall too except my hot topic sucks! then we can stick those on our faces. except they're too expensive to waste
i used to get pig's ears for our dog's xmas stockings  but they were too irresistible!  for the dogs  not me  of course.
damn you  i ended up ordering the damn galactus mm  i hope you are happy. when my wife bitches at me  i am blaming you.
i hate when it asks if i have trouble walking. how rude! ;) #wiifitenthused
i signed up for twitter over a year ago  but only checked it here and there. twitter saved my ass during the blackout!
whoa! what an idea sirjee ... but thanks. i hate kids :-p
i'm not really a sneaker freak. i have some creative recreations to mtch my ed hardy ht.
#name?
hey ur guna hate me 4 dis but i forgot my phone! keep me posted thru twitter.
i have a problem i like to call desk ass.  my ass gets wider the more i sit in that damn chair.
 @sandraknits cece is a bitch. she never wanted them to be together!
hahah that'd be awesome.  aaron is the hugest douche ever.  does anyone else hate the way serena talks?  and dresses?
oh my gosh i hate christmas music  but i have to turn it up and sing along whenever that one comes on.  can't help myself!
omg i hate that airport so. much.  good luck!  i hope you make it there safe and sound.
haha you're asking the wrong person. i hate eating out! (i'm really weird) you should ask huan  he's a total foodie :)
you are inspirational (and gorgeous)  however i meant the dumb ass who dumped me to f around with his sleazy white trash lol
i want to make sure that nobody ever calls me  fat  again and that when i look in the mirror my outside reflects my inside.
good night  sugar. it will get better! i'm always here if you want to piss and moan (or cry and whine). xo
scale: brat on one side  pacer truck on the other.... oh. too close to call. but  i must say  those backward seats kicked ass.
put some damn clothes on man.
happy fucking birthday  my bitch! love you!
i hate that. i have no veins  because of iv infusions.
for some reason i never see your damn tweets.  indian larry is a clothing line.  u r a nerd.  sincerely  me. (also a nerd)
well hot damn. look at you  catching up with the social networking. next you're gonna tell me you have a kaboodle!
oh no fucking way!
you should totally go. and be all weird and crazy and freak the guy out
shit that sucks. sorry to hear it!
just turned it on. missed part one... damn. so great anyways.
we are flat broke. ihave a year of paid hosting left on bluehost. what can a broke ass ho do? eh?
if liquidweb would do that for me  i'd be their bff and personal whore forevah.
it's a bitch and a half  but worth it.
ur drunk ass needs to stop drunk twitterin
lmaoooo where the fuck u ayt... i just got molested lmfaooooooo
ugh that sucks! i couldn't imagine if that happened to my dvr!
what's up my coffee  let's call with a blocked number so i don't answer bitch? lol
omg u missed weekend update?! i laughed so hard i thought i was piss my pants
it goes... everyone at my office is sick this morning ... i have a feeling it's just gonna be me.. damn my immune system!
especially when i don't give a rats ass what he thinks about me lol
the show just seems gay overall. what man would compete to be another man's friend? the hell...
fuck that...i can fly to milwaukee to free. if u got a car i need no other plan...alpine here we come!!! both shows...
don't hide that pussy from yourself. bust that kegel nut.
damn skippay; tryna make my toes shine for '09.
breakfast pig's feet  sweezy? y'all havin' mimosas with that  homey?
my kegels can't take the archives. fuck!  got them workin' workin' day & night!
ooh  a fat girl's fantasy! cake and hellraiser's trouser snake. fuck!  sensory overload **spontaneously combusts**
i know they're gay. i have hdsov (that's  hi-def smell-o-vision  for y'all who aint up on it) & upon their breaths: i.smell.boogina
nah man  no help needed right now. just ranting about this damn shopping cart i have to debug.
great  come on dude  gre sucks like hell! at least the verbal portion does. ;)
man  it was that damn youtube code!
 @sherrieholmes  @louislandon  @petefromthehip thanks for the encouraging words. sometimes i have to kick my own ass to keep moving.
sorry about  ur bank trouble  but all that talk about ur curvy ass has me way to distracted to get anything done today.
eu inca ma intreb cum de mi-a fost pusa intrebarea  in primul rand... :|
is truculence his band's name?  that is bad ass.  it would make a great rockabilly band name  too.
idiot's a good one and so is asshat  dumb shit  and dick wad.
back at ya jackie!  have a fantastic remainder of 2008 and a kick ass 2009!
that's some pretty heavy analysis. seems to me the album just sucks.
yeah.....then you'll never have to have any other apps running outside of ff! fuck yeah!!!!!!!!!!!
lucky! i'm one down and three to go. a big fuck you going out to thermodynamics!
nooo #teamblack (btw looking forward to you coming down even if i have to shower your ass w paintballs)
holy frack dude! i went there alone & was ass tired (mind you i was doing press tour from 7a-11p) can't imagine doing w/kids
maybe  that's why i couldn't sleep that well. i was too damn hot. the fan was on last night. i bet i have high body temp too.
soon  i must brush my teeth. it's about that time. i think during the next madonna song. hmm  but which one? damn! i'm confused
i was about to watch the news at 10 pm for the weather! oops  it's 11 pm now! lol. i'm enjoying madonna so damn much! groovy man
i hate when it's implied i'm not evolved enough if i dislike something. so i don't mind it in some books....but usually there's
that sucks rocks. doesn't hekp much but it loads fine for me in ny. maybe it's a server issue in your neck of the woods..
thanks so much re: the video. it was a pain in the ass to make  but i'm glad i did. :)
from what i've gathered the hate is because they're like a mainstream christian band. and the mainstream hates christian music
might i say that you should consider maybe dick clarke wanted to do the show...it's not like he has much else to look forward to...
oddly enough  i thought i would completely hate mkdc  and while the story is kinda..eesh..the game play is damn near perfect
do you keep getting the one with the wheel that stick? i hate that:)
how are you drunk bro? damn i.. it's only 2pm
the matrix still kicks ass!!!!!
i heart trolls! phase 2 damn it!
grievances are to be aired during the airing of grievances  not after i pin your ass. you'll have to wait until next year. :)
voice omg omg http://www.chrisbrogan.com is down!  @chrisbrogan are you ok? where's your head on a whale?
everyone but not real... i know we might win this all easy  but if we don't win this - i would hate real so much. do not want
well is has keanu though... damn i might just watch it then...
where the fuck is your journal??????????????????????????
fuck i just did my flist cut and saw your name striked through - heartattack!
damn yall know the crock pot stuff is funny
supershuttle sucks  primetime shuttle sucks: lax is the only airport where the parking is worth the cost
i need to write a blog post about how much i hate dm's. off to do that  be back in a second.
my twitter limit is self imposed. i just know that i piss people off if i do more than a few dozen tweets. see ya later!
http://twitpic.com/vbgo - thats fucking awesome!
oranges fuck yeah
fuck. you. lost the game.
wow! so sorry your holiday was rough! i hate people being so blase about animals suffering. sorry too about your marriage..
expect a hate comment from  @lh13. lol
that's some kick ass hair. :)
i think i've upgraded to a full sugar whore. i need help. lol.
lol! i know i tried a few times and had no luck. damn my mouth! :)
damn!  oh well - i'll meet you at the next one. i think so far it's basically going to be me and a couple of others :-)
 @hermioneway tres true. starbucks is alright but generally i hate anywhere that does posh coffee.
kick ass  as usual... give me a shout via dm or email once you're done with the training  okay? thanks  matt. sk
i am an investing idiot  but i am just ignoring the whole damn mess right now.  we're  buying low  now right?
lol!  i'd damn near have shorts on man!  everything in life is relative i guess.
and the editing sucks. you can't tell who is fighting who!
damn  carrie  of course.
that's kinda dick-ish
thanks. :) yes  way cold n the house. the bf is not a fan o heat  so we don't use it. i  otoh  hate the cold.  passionately.
curbed sucks! scrubs is the greatest show ever created
nooooooo!!!!! damn streetwear parties!!
sucks for you... i make impulsive statements but dare i say joell's version &gt; cudi's?
the trick is to not slut it up. it is to dress just under slut levels. so you get the attention but not questions on how much
hate.being.cold.
yo sissahands! why the fuck i aint on ya top-friends jawn on myspace n that homo ivan is??
hope your feelin betta girl  miss your punk ass around here!
damn  woulda been nice to see u. i was crashing someone elses party ;)
a bitch cant stand drunks tonight!! but if they tip good i might be coo! lmfaooo!
why the hell your customer tried talking shit too me! i should to just push his ass tha ground! fuck excuse me!
i miss your ass too! :0)
ooops that message was for your ass! lmao!
love him or hate him  he is the man soon to be leading this country. he is everybodies hope of a turnaround!
re tomorrow night  i'm thinking it's not such a good idea.  hate to wimp out  but ice is not nice  supposed to hit 16f 2nite. yeow.
that's hilarious: environmental sensitivity = hippie stink? i know the snow + roads in sea = bitch  but it's a 1 in 30 yr deal.
yeahhh&#8230; i hate milk. plus i'm lactose intolerant
peter deluca i could not hate you more
lol to ever since i got this twitterific i'm tweeting my ass off lol
honestly  i can't say i'm not guilty of telling that same lie a time or two. karma is a bitch. hope your check arrives soon
one time i said  cunt  and all hell broke loose via dm. you'd think i'd called bush a genius i got so much hate mail
wlw: fucking marvellous.
lol...charles is exactly the wrong to hate though...he's putting in a lot of work.
yeah i guess ishould start to hate lu to give him more promo..lmao
damn...it took me 2 years to finally find out how to listen to hot 97 online ! ...thanks for the link !
www.tinyurl.com this way  your links wont take up all the damn space
lol....damn backwards smileys
she also stood on her chair and screamed  don't pick the fat chicks from danvers  when he was bringing someone up on stage.
- every time i see a new one of your blinkies up  i'm shocked. they are so damn cute and well done. :d
- thankfully we haven't gotten any ice yet. just a lot of rain. i hate ice. i always bust my shit.
i used to hate that about doing requests. it's one of the reasons i stopped. it's not that difficult to read and count! lol.
nice. they've cancelled ours. i ask you: how is a man supposed to get drunk and photocopy his ass at work now?
yeah  i totally hate you so hard right now.
i tweeted it earlier but deleted it when trying to get tweetdeck to work. teetdeck seems to hate me. i'm unsure why.
you know  i'd love to see the bibliography or wikipedia entry that cites your ass as a reference. we need to make this happen.
my mom still thinks twitter is 'a gay thing'. as in:  that's a thing the gays do  right? 
i know  but i hate it more when i lose a subscriber. it's like they decided they didn't like you anymore or something.
im way excited to see notorious.  i hope they dont fuck it up.  as long as its as good as eight mile  it will be a good movie.
maybe it has something 2 do w/ the unemployment increase. that sucks.
ew. that sucks :( can you take it back?
i'm the total opposite. i rather gift bag  they can be reused! lol hate to see the pretty wrapping paper being thrown away. :p
if i drank coffee  today would be a treat day. something sweet and full of fat. carmel  hazelnut  white chocolate. . .
i hate when that happens! x
damn blue collar tweakers...
'how to talk to girls'. i'm going to write a gay centred spinoff  'how to asl'
i believe homophobes are terrified that they're secretly gay  so they want the idea out of sight and out of mind.
i know. i've been on the slaughtered team often enough to know how bad it sucks  though. and these kids are the creme de la creme ...
never watched thundercats  it was actually hard gay hooooo. if you don't know him  youtube it. lol it's great! (and not gay porn)
lol wow...dick in a box! i love that song lol.
i swear this hour is just fucking twiddling it's thumbs as it passes. ughhh hurry!
i hate the whole factor. wrapping and unwrapping. christmas is just about greed
why is he an ass?
no not bad at all just hate un endure the greed on christmas eve night cause no one waits till christmas anymore
cause cleaning is such a bitch.
right now i'm on this mikkeller barley wine joint. i stepped on some crazy smoked beer i got earlier like a fucking retard
dude stef says  he is the biggest pussy on christmas eve ever 
we freaked the fuck right on out of the country...
just got the free iphone one this sucks and i am new to the twitter world.
oh and nebraska blows. oklahoma sucks and nebraska blows. that's why kansas is so windy. although it sounds very dirty.
i hate all my classes. none of them are interesting :( (classes = lessons in us i s'pose)
i suppose there's arrogance no matter where you go but i hate it from  chavs  most of all &gt;:s oh and the jocks.
yes! now all i have to do it talk to the pack... simple enough  & bribe leah  damn! thats a hard.
does your dick tan too?
spproductions people kept tellin me get this shit...i'm like 4 real? ok...i'm goin tell yo ass everything! lol
hate to tell you  aston went to the beach. aston is a good beagle. well mannered. diva pug needs more attention
nooo  combichrist does equal peace  damn you! oh  january... andy  here i come!
you were searching for an italian? damn! i thought you were offering services.  i never get it.  no italian here. scottish...
semi around  cant promise you much action but if you post i'll reply best as i can. sorry babe i know tonight sucks for ya
lot of folk hate process. hope you've got management support or you'll go mad. ru implmenting an itil type meth or cleaning up chaos
checked out the site and subscribed on itunes. i'll give a podcast a listen (am a bit of a podcast freak - usually tech)
i'd hate to see your power bill. just about to throw on the lycra (not a great sight lol) and ride home from the office. sleep wel
oh  stop being so dramatic...you do not hate the jets! ;-)
my hubby says no - he (freak) likes poodles. i like australian shepherds. so we're stuck w/ a mutt. but thx for the lead!
down here  people are smart enough to not piss on an electric fence  let alone do it again after being shocked once.
i could see how you would think so  but alas  there is a big difference between felching and ass. the difference being the cum
i do think it's a rug.  if not  someone tell him on top of everything else he has done  his hair sucks too...lol
never say never. maybe he isn't a jerk like that loser lol
eww  that sucks. hopefully u have off soon?
whoever u give a chance to better be damn lucky and appreciative.
sweet! i sure hate i lost my anniversary edition dvd of it.....digitally remastered and just perfect
my position on la has always been that radio sucks there  so would kcrw change that?
dang that sucks...sherriff joe been trying to get that dude in his jails for a minute...not looking good for him
nice ass mr barnes!! lmao
wow ... that sucks - where you at .... yeah got 2 papers to submit 2mmr - have no inclination to write those.
i cant wait to go make snow angles and a fat snowman :p the little things in life
that sucks - sports for women in india is a myth. my sisters are national level football players and they think so too
aint nothing wrong wit a big girl...i cant stand a super skinny bitch...or is it just me... :)
no  postsecret is still #1.  but  @secrettweet is pretty damn entertaining too.
i know!  going to have to mix some up to bring with me  i hate paying for drinks when i go out.
tonight at 7 damn..we got to reschedule..lol
that was meant to look more lighthearted than it did  btw. add lol or :) to it. i hate that my type always looks so bitchy
 @warley is a freak like that
rooster fucking a football?  can i get that in avi?
the birds speak to josh! don't hate! lol
i don't have a link for stuff i pull out my ass  buddy. other people may  but i'm what you'd call an all-natural kind of guy.
divinewrite ps. how do you guys down under say  that was a kick ass e-book ?
coltrane video kicks some ass. i can't get text zooms and pans as smooth as yours. what prog. did you use again?
it is damn cold! i'm driving by on the way to my mom in laws house!
no good man  it rained all damn day!
daft punk fucking rocks
fuck  that blows! for how long?
coke zero should absolutely not exist. cherry coke zero is alright  but i still say fuck it.
i'd jam with you if you ever kicked some nobodies off your damn friends list   lol
street fighter hd better be on the store today or i'm going to freak out
stop it with that damn song
oh ok. that must suck ass. i'm signing up for bid day out roadie next year. should be fun.
damn couldn't tweet coz of school
omg it is a small world! i was there summer of '89.  uh oh  the song  now the damn song is stuck in my head.
she's a fake biker chick  tho i'd only b a poser  can't/won't give up washing my hair & buying expensive shoes lol
but of course! i saw the work  @youthassets is doing on the ground. great woman running that org! and a damn good driver too. ;-)
wish to fuck i was in philly for what sounds like a bomb ass date.
i hate all my clothes at the moment too. that is why i like shoes and scarves. they always look good.
tell da steroids man he looks fat.. that should do it.. hehe..
i know  but i just hate people who ack like that...i wouldn't last a day on the net...lol
i agree  i hate that saying about how you spend nye is what you will do all year! it does add a lot of pressure!
damn that's cold! it is going to be in the 60's here and we still haven't had a snowstorm. i want snow!
lol! girl--no matter what the situation..they are on some fuck shit...
thanks mama..they damn names be too long!!
loved when there would be a sandbar at ehukai!  damn  cold and brown honoli'i here in hilo jus aint even close!
it's good to have dick clark on tv. it may be some people's first or only interaction with someone who has had a stroke.
it is kind of silly that you can't copy text in the bb gmail app. not enough to make me stop using it though. :) i hate rim's.
damn right  skippy!
yes  they do. and those vehicles cost a small fortune in gas  are a *bitch* to park in manhattan and not a tenth as much fun. :)
correction: *wannabe* fashionista. :)
sure is  and it's about damn time too! the whole lj server move screwed it up for a bit.
thats exactly why i am now back on the fence... damn this decision is a tough one for me this time.
yeah white women can have his ass..in all seriousness.
girl you late..lol that kinky ass show has been on for about a month.
calm the fuck down boo..lmao
im replacing it with britney spears - circus. i doubt that sucks anywhere near as much as 808's or plies.
i can damn near listen to his album in it's entirety without skipping..which is a good thing
lmaooo he's horrid..but the worst thing about him is  he's actually a smart ass dude..i don't get him at all..
the gays learned that choreography so damn quick..smh
oh  that sucks. feel for you. glad all of mine get along. well  except for 2 of the male cats. they tiptoe around each other.
i know!!! you'd better get your ass back here by march!
i hate it when i do that. i blame it on too many drugs in the 70's.
after three months of walking down the hall to the desk in the living room  i'm completely spoiled! lol 108 miles a day is a bitch!
 ur allllllll i neeeeeeed to get byyyy..ay ayyyy  luv that damn song!!
damn.  that ny resolution didn't last long! lol
usual but it used to piss me off.
no no no. i don't really hate karl. i was just frustrated with chanel these past few weeks. now i'm back to loving mr. lagerfeld.
is totally kicking my ass. if i'd known he was so smart about life  i would have started going to him for $5 therapy...
clint eastwoods best movie he was a pig farmer!
lol i mean heated side mirrors!!! damn buttonless phone o_o
damn  ok i'll put up with the rain and the freezing weather for a little longer then  but soon ok hee hee. xx
hee hee. i got the wii and wii fit for my birthday and am really impressed with it. it's great fun as well and fat burning &lt;grin&gt;
rick warren is no hatemonger. opinion doesn't equal hate.
arse for king! i get mine out all the time! hey  i'm gonna be fat old n wrinkely one day! my god cider is not my friend! or is it?
 my key don't work for the top lock  looking ass......
i don't know. i be using that saaaammee damn key!!
she got yo ass spooked!!!
i'm 19 mins and 13 secs away from molly wopping her ass!
am using vickers online and i don't recommend it  the interface sucks.
the tilt looks cool. i always get the newest phones . i'm a cell phone addict or whore....
oh girl  you know you've been there. ;)  i hate that damn pony.
u just had a vacation. lol send me the new al fat joint that he did when we were at the studio
when they hate / sneak diss. that means you are doing too much. asvice: fcuk em & keep goin.
tanks for the rply have fun and a smack on your ass!!!
i love your old whorey ass fukka!!
someone hacked your account?  that sucks!
you guys need to stop w/ the gay martin sargent godaddy ads. i was glad that loser was gone but now he's back in the cheesy ads :(
it's hot here...78deg w/ no wind.  damn hot hawaiian days :(
ok got urz...hmmm mayb i just don't have good service here...damn hawaii's bad infrastructure!
&lt;3 ::huggles:: nyaaaa~ its snowing t_t i hate it.
i wish i could! i hate snow!! cuz it might cancel my drive test! &gt;&lt; which means no license!
fuck yeah!!!! party!!!!!
thats sounds so good!!!!! fuck!!!!!
now that's a sell -  it kinda sucks actually 
fuck  yes.
don't fogret how hamas took over gaza executing fatah throwing off skyscraprs. some palestinians hate hamas more than israel #gaza
 @donwill this is true. i've been obsessed with ramen for months  thanks to yvette and that damn restaurant in manhattan.
i know  it sucks right now  doesn't it? :(
thank yoooou. i'm probably going to get my ass handed to me lmao
i hate to point out that the new one is much closer to the plot of the book that the first movie was originally taken from
that i can understand. and because i really can see both sides  it just sucks.
hey  i'm sorry about the rumours. that sucks. but erica's right  you have us fcas behind you for anything *hugs* hope the  ...
woah! so suprised when i saw your updates! i always knew that you hate computers  =d
lol. i personally am not ready for a finger ring. cock ring i would do though. thats just good times :)
depends on if the cookies go straight to your ass  thighs  or tummy i guess.  for me  i definitely bake my ass on.
yea today was broke. xmas time sucks.
remind me never to piss you off
its accounts..... and i hate it... i cant make out head or tail of this sub!
ew. those men.... gemma! have better taste! they're obviously gay.
i had one the other week that didn't taste like alcohol but knocked me on my ass. i prefer not to taste alcohol.
you lucky whore  you. the roads weren't too bad. but we're supposed to get more snow tonight.
i nominate  @avflox for the #cunt award becase it just makes sense.
fail! get your ass back to tesco's right away.
aw that sucks baby. just one more reason to love this snow.
did you were a nerd in high school or a bully ?
 baby boy you only funky as your last cut. you focus on the past  your ass'll be a has-what  - outkast ;)
awwwww  that sucks!! sorry!! and i'm pretty good i'ma trying to change stuff on mi profile but iz not workin so good!!
total fag  unless its jesus christ superstar  because even crappy straight people love superstar. seriously. even dudes.
that last twit was supposed to be  @'d at you  but i did it wrong. anyway  i still love you even if you hate ta-dah. srsly.
i see the theory  but i have decided to have a pizza and fuck off  which is easier.
there a famous crab house off regisitertown or was it randalltown rd.. dang i hate the fact i cant remember all the good spots
almost 40 and whatever hoodsag i may have it's workin better than ever and i ain't cutting a damn thing down there.
dudo your doggies are cute my aunt has a pug but it ate some of my mp3 and im just like damn so im music deprived now
dudo kool that would be kick ass if u made it
it is christmas eve im fucking excited
pah  lazy my ass! i'm facing 6 hours of book stacking! *lol*
ahh damn if u r in dublin look out the sunset is gorgeous
what the /fuck/? xd
i get that problem all the time.  today i just said  well fuck that   rolled over and slept for another five hours.
you sunnuva bitch. /  @tarintowers: only one week of spoons to go!
*clings* d:  feel better  damn you. &lt;3
lacey's ass is just to big considering how lil she used to be...lol
damn. i've actually reformatted the drive several times. eventually becomes read only every time :(
kicked ass this week.
hate what? ohiuogdfgjnksdfgnisbgudbgubgfdgiubdbggiuhdfguihdfguihpgpuihgiudfhgjkhdghpdsfughudphypushgupghuhuhpuighghoihfdiogio
it sucks (for us too at slideshare). hope apple does something about it.
girl i feel your pain  i have a cold 2! i want to cry :( i hate being sick :( &gt;sniff sniff...t sick 2...both sick
briefs are oh so sexy. boxers are too loser and unattractive and tightywhities are like panties!!lol just my 2 cents
i might pass out. awful.i.hate.being.ill. hows jane eyre?
get your fucking act together! can't you see what a waste you are? look around you fucktard  the world is waiting. tick.tock.
both husband and dad hate football  my mom and i love it  my husband said  its a girl thing  last thanksgiving lol
next season on the hills... more drama. lol i hate that show
in soviet russia  youtube bitch meet you
http://twitpic.com/t17d - fuck yes!!! why so serious!! so fucking epic
how you met twitter bitch!!!
wings vs avs tonight. i hate the wings  and the avs. oh well  i'll cheer on detroit. i think i know who your rooting for :p
come on  man. they can still come back. they're playing against raycroft. he sucks in the third. i know that as a leafs fan
this is a better hodgman excerpt:  it is hard not to conclude that barack obama is somewhat tone deaf when it comes to gay issues .
&#8212; i hate them  too.  don't use them.  worrying about whether users post your article to sites is a bit narcissistic  i think.
ahhhhhhhhh so glad to see you. hny & ditto.  fuck cancer
no i hate strip clubs and that's not real debauchery. i'd be into checking out a swinger's club but need to be invited to that
ugh.. fuck! that sucks. i'm sorry mama... i really need to start buying latex. i love it  but i swear i can't afford it right now.
hey... if my lazy ass can do it.. you can too! :)
ugh... and i'm still up writing this damn article. think if its in his email in the am he won't notice the date and time stamp?
trying. fuck. it was due  yesterday  and that ended 2 hours and 47 minutes ago.
2 ?'s: when do u leave for cancun? when the fuck am i seeing u again? when do we go back to school? ok that was three. whatever.
don't worry. i love my niece and hate my sister in law. i think its like a rule or something.
that sucks :( tell her to get unsick!
nothing against guy  mind you -- love him. but why do you hate democracy?
aww! sucks that simcity is not stable. i was looking foward to it.
yeah  it's pretty cool  though having to add movies to your instant queue to watch them kinda sucks.
ass felching sounds kinda redundant
disappointed to find  nice ass  pic has been removed. appeased by hot fire breathing girls! :)
you haven't  but a lot of #blcks did.  that's the case with me. story of my life and i don't give a damn.
in fact i hate the after effects naps bring me. i feel worse and might sleep longer as planned.
damn  you're in dc? where is timberlakes?
adangta kan jadi bitch ane. enough taa. aku marah ne  *buat muka mrh* esh
i think the standtard is filled with imagination. no fucking news  but lots of make believe racist shit.
asked the tory social media guy for his twitter name:  well  i'm not on there personally  big 'oh fuck' from around the table
what the fuck was that? did someone puke in my ears?
and  @mattarmendariz - if you're eating lunch at 10:40am  then i'm definitely having a damn cocktail.
- who *didn't* grab your ass once you got to eg? i mean  seriously...i saw lots of grab assing. just sayin'...
i nominate  @charlestrippy for a shorty award in #entertainment because... he met youtube bitch!!
god damn dan just pirate some sample packs haha. but the effort was cute.
shoots. my hawaiian ass is dead. hiamoe for me. ttyl8r
game junkie. i still want to play with you someday. i wish i knew some good games ):  /deadpoor you'd probably kick my ass  though.
i know...its so fucking ridiculous. xd
maybe someone's being a dick and hogging up the connection..i dunno *shrug*
tell it to stop being such a dick!
of course  i'm hanging out for the core i7 mac pros. can't wait to see one of those babies murdering ansys problems. hehehe.&lt;/nerd&gt;
lol - we could do that now if only i could be bothered getting off my fat ass and coming to perth.
olivia you dick! i have your phone and your wallet!
i'm in bed listening to the loud ass booms in mililani. so many ppl popping aerials!!
...saw your wall post...fix your damn phone foo...
*laughs* i'd hate to see the aftermath of that bird
ain't that crazy? enough to piss you off!
yah managed to  but was a bitch to transport. i think something might've gone wrong with the chain  gonna take it to a shop ltr
bitch get online  i found cute shoes
fuck you i told you i can cook
fuck you  do you know how cold it was in nyc today?!
myspace players seem to hate me. but whatever it is  it will never be as good as grandpa's last christmas
how about the party of duck and run telling us that we don't have cajones.  i'm surprised those ass hats can type.
why what? hate payment history letters?
i take my son and it works wonders.  nobody wants to fuck with a parent.  it just looks bad.
v3rmillion sorry must have been all that gay porn i signed you up for.
damn doll  u kinda look like brit wit hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
????????wtf? what the fuck?
!!!!!!!!!! ya bitch  u prove it
damn y ya follwoing?
i hate open the can  but what do you mean by  justify?   christianity *exists*  man. explain how it came to be. mithras? not.
... about as bi as i think whoopi is  but okay. i am not a rose fan. plus everyone who touches rtd gets a bit of the gay.
just got left 4 dead  pretty damn fun for pickup games
damn  i'm back at home... that not good... that was the last step before the return to the normal life... :|
is the black bitch anywhere near clever dick's? http://tinyurl.com/axf82t
i would totally hire her just because she said sales-whore.
who fucking behaves anyway?
ouch...that sucks!  i hope you're feeling better real soon!
shouldn't u be working?? you know i hate being cold. :) --- maryz41:  @sleighz hey! what does that m
turns out not where but who you're with that really matters.' ;) --- maryz41:  @sleighz yeah  we all hate bein
ooof  too much effort  where's all the open source kung fu magic giving me a sweet ass browser?  firefox? more like firefail.
damn. it's early. i'll prolly be woopin it up at the challet basque when i'm off.
not wit cb2009 (cock blocker) that's her new rap name. not wit cb2009 on her shit
now that sucks...no dunkin donuts...most of ours are closed but a handful:(
right?? she knows my name and everything now.. askin me where should she move to here in cleveland. damn!
lol!! not dmx  his ass is crazy
awhh damn! i was gettin excited
aawwhh damn! wake up strawberry shortcake
i hate monday mornings so im grumpy  (
work is turning me into a cuddle whore. i get outta here and just wanna be held.
also entered the contest - whore-ay!
damn i'm sorry to hear that. =( well its a treat when you do go i'm sure!
i must hear this in meatspace cos i fear you're winding me... 'super awesome' my ass  lol. no way do i believe you  hahahaha! x
your humor in fine form 2day-i needed laughs! like game show and  evry othr fucking min!  thx man!
..of course your work kicks ass too-didnt want u to think not appreciated! my god-that was amazing though wasnt it
nah  hate is such a strong word. was amusing  but maybe ditch the wine next time. interesting points of view  which i enjoyed.
: found you through twitter grader (http://twitter.grader.com) i hate the flying whale too!
damn kanjiong.. lol but its kinda expected la.. when the eclipse go away
damn cool. u can activate da camera of ur fon n u can move ur fon freely 2 look around da game when u r walking or sneaking
well if i said slut i would have to include fish in that category
what?!?! im sorry!!!!!! ill kick his ass for you if you wish i got some pretty wicked awesome ninja skills :)
nocturnal does indeed kick ass. be sure to go back and listen to his other stuff  if you haven't already. one more hit left!
still waiting to see you. damn time warps; they get you every time you try and head to  @gangplank. it happened to me before!!
it's ok buddy. i hate flying  too.
let's fucking go!
didn't make it to the young whore  although i do love it--i hosted the karaoke at a friend's house!  'twas fun :)
hah..i can relate to looking forward to smaller dress...obtainable if i could just lose these damn latenight  munchies i get...
oooh oooh oooh  and i wanted to see a good bitch slap too. altho i that does go against my pacifist ways...what a conundrum
going to spend some time in fort myers with the in=laws. i am excited to be going but ughh...i sure hate the packing!! lol
love burroughs. bukowski was like a broken clock - right twice a day. ginsberg bleh. i hate most of the beats.
you wanna throw down  bitch? i can not update my blog better than you can not update your blog any day.
i don't think he's stupid  so i'll just assume he's a disingenuous cunt instead
we have some haters in detroit and onterio.....god don't like ugly...must be the no-competition (in canada  i think) i hate spam
damn  i'm 10.5 - 11 ..
 just when i thought you're running outta material  i come home n here's your ass  lol
well i hate the way you make cars.
http://twitpic.com/wixa - tooo damn cute !!
http://twitpic.com/wlgq - damn  brother.  you got a sweet hook up there.
my dick by mickey avalon or my neck  my back by khia
u fucking forgot the hottest person alive! blake lively! she's the only one that can make me (ya know) without touching shit
http://twitpic.com/xinl - i hate him so much. he's so cocky. once  during one of phil's shows  he twittered  hey phil  it's c ...
oh damn homes. i luv email. i type exactly how i talk! my fingers have an addiction 2 the keyboard. i'm wit it..y b afraid of it?
i hate the gym 2. i go cuz i must & try to make it fun  i said try. but omg i am talking myself out of going 2day...help me jesus!!
that damn cheddar...the hell?!!
$100k? no prob. we're all over it!  socialbees transforms your facebook page from 'blah' to a brilliant ass kicking machine  ;d
your gonna get so fat before school starts
the ending sucks like hell.
you're so fucking dreamy
wow that sucks. glad you got it fixed.
aw fuck me in the ass i thought you meant maylene
aww man that sucks ((hugs))
fuck i knew it
well that sucks lol  say high to every one at rock bottom from me
lol u remains me of my friend she loves football lol i personally hate it lmao
lo cool sucks u have to go to pr lol sucks there
i gotta say  i found it pretty damn funny too...
not sure how long i've been on seesmic but it's a love/hate place for me
dang that sucks  i dont want to sound like a queer or anything but i think chipmunks kick ass
couldn't tell i had a choice! damn thing auto-launches then locks up tight every time.
seriously! he know's i have a final tomorrow that i'm studying for  but he's done with finals  which sucks!
i hate you :-p and  i wish we had that discussion in my english class!
http://twitpic.com/ksek - uhmmm..almost has that  infinity mirror  look to it...lol!! freak someone out after a few good drink ...
i remember driving in freak snowstorm in tallahassee..92 i think--almost flipped the ambulance ;)
big fucking graphics?
i'm sure there is a better way to put this but: wow  what a fucking asshole.
kirby is a whore. also  a gay man's best friend. have you seen how wide it can open it's mouth?
anyone named kirby is a whore. it's one of the unspoken rules of life.
occasionally fortune urinates on us all the universe does not hate you...it is a brief plumbing problem.
damn must be some good sandwiches. if they're that good wanna get me one while your there? :-)
i think it sucks people r discussing it more w/out anyone involved being present. god forbid anyone ever asked any of us about it.
i have a friend who got a job in indiana after college  moved there  and after a week said  fuck it   packed up and moved to france.
hood has apparently lost his mind. sucks for him.
yeah that sucks. how long ago did u purchase? have u asked for a refund for the difference or r u totally turned off now?
if i do  how do i travel? dogsled? brrrrrr too damn cold for me!!!!
i'm sorry that you and your idiot friends insist on persisting in your senile  psychotic rants. truly u r a bitch.
lol damn talk about foot in mouth...... let me get to downloading!!! what are you doing on your day ms?
wow!!!!  you went in on that man and used your name lmao damn you a  g 
lmao oh i saw it in my  @replies and it had me gone hahaha damn spam
lmao damn thats the truth
i hope not tara! sucks someone would do that.
also  you claim you won't change who you are. but i want you to change from a guinea pig into a monkey. monkeys are awesome!!!
wow  i really did spazz out back there  didn't i? must be having had to deal with the tsa. i hate them so much!
christmas guinea pig! hooray!
lol i wouldn't know anything bout prostate spasms but it sounds terrible. they really needed 2 get up on their hotel piss game!!!!!!
i cant believe i woke up to read that question on twitter lol hahahaha wow im up now! damn lol because men r greedy! lol
come on now i know you expensive but damn lol aight lol
noooooooooo but knowing him his ass will just pop up tonight! as far as i knew on thursday he was still coming!
jackson kicked sylva ass! wow!
okay i want skeleton gloves now. fingerless ones  naturally. i kind of am a 14 year old emo boy though  deep down. hahaha.
damn..dat is scary..im movin on da southside..how s it ova there? idk im leavin my lil good life here..disz crazii..*tearsz*
damn man on sum real shyt...u scarin me...my city got deaths..but damn...disz aint even koo
aw shittt they was talkin bad? lol fuck emmm i wuz messin around seen u live
yes  i've read that too. it's good for filling you up  but i really hate running to the john all day&even worse at nite #gno
who the fuck are you??
genuois bitch lol
ah yes us all believeing in modern medicine and such . damn us !
im just glad im gon be paid to sit on my ass lol
i need to get my grandma to teach me how to cook that they be so good. and them damn collard greens fresh out the garden
yeah they should they sold fast as fuck down here. i woke up late i was worried. i dig how the 11's look on girls
lmao that damn show is funny
at least its a good excuse to have steak. my wife keeps craving fast food. i hate fast food. i like steak.
 @matthudgins whale done  how to win friends and influence people  and anything from tozer
seen a news article on why the slut wasn't running? the surface rail/trolleys i've seen on the east coast wouldn't have blinked.
i believe that's what you called my gray cardigan one time haha. you're going to make one fine ass grandma one day.
my kid loves phantom too. :) she's kind of a musical freak though.
damn you!! another freakin dave tweet for saying good day...wtf man  wtf!! ;-) &#9829;
ewwww  it's christmas...hate is not allowed!
i love fat louie too. i love his pillow and his crown he wore and sat on during the plane ride  what a great actor fat louie is.
what do you have now? love my blackberry curve (and they're $99 now)  and the bold is supposed to be awesome. hate the pearl's kb.
y'know   @queenofspain doesn't hate me  so i don't think she hates the east coast...just certain east coasters. ahem. ;)
yes that sucks! so that's y i'm reading everything again!!! can't go by what she says
aww...it never snows in texas. it snowed a few years ago. but that was just a freak accident! it hadn't snowed for 100 years.
thank's l. i hate when he works nights cause i'm awake during the day while he's sleeping. but now he's going hunting!
i know! who the hell gives you a baked potato with nothing on it? and a rinky dinky little ass steak? i'm hungry still. lol
lol it sucks to not get buzzed. i'm just there twiddling my thumbs. lol
you must have missed the fag grapevine call about eartha. i am sick. going back to bed. blah!
you are mary of the frodo clan. you are gifted beyond all other fag hags. (and i use that term with much love!)
bitch. i was a pretty girl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what a fuck nugget.
i am going to try and find a boyfriend by august and beat his ass into doing it!!!!!!
same here...i got new sox they are pink and black...even though i hate pink...they are striped.......................
internet booze is headed your way. god  send some back mine too... its been a long damn day. (hee  i rhymed!)
i couldn't agree more! love winter clothes  hate the dry hands.
- rr could also whup jt's ass.
damn straight. one of the guys here only just made it out alive
make a fucking video damnit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and have the best time ever on the teacup ride ^_^
quit complaining you never get to go out  get your ass dressed and get up here!
probably the same thing that makes you gloat when people are proven wrong about mac stuff.  and how bad you got ur ass whooped. haha
ah  memories. :)  @ki6bjv is watching  diary of the dead  right now. he's a zombie freak. lol
-there is. it's sad  really. i never could be ok with that stuff. still hate movies where the animals die  i cry every time. :(
i hate flight delays. hope you make it back safe! btw where 2 email u the release for approval? says you're judging the contest.
why do you hate activesync?
then you should not have any posts.... and using the same comeback twice... whats with all the hate??? why can't we be friends
brave and controversial actions in public are always met with a good amount fucking stupidity in opinions devoid of any knowledge.
wtf fucking bitch needs to ban the whole fucking site then
how did you met youtube bitch?
how did you met youtube bitch?!
no people hate on charles hamilton cuz he has an unwarranted ego and he thinks sonic the hedgehog is god
i nominate  @jasonanderson in categories  @biggest-jack-ass and  @tech
oh no. that really sucks. randalls next time if it's not expired. two minutes and you're done :)
that sucks dude.  so it was just your hard drive?
thanks for sharing ljka an acronym to live by... lets just kick ass! no meetings... no folderol... my favorite mode also!
newspaper said sand was also bad.  might as well just go for the salt and take care of the damn problem
why? we're snowed in!!! i hate bad winter weather.
i've only done it twice (and once was on about an inch of bangs). i didn't do it over  even though i want to. i hate straw hair!
i can hook you up w/ night vision cam w/ motion detect & rec. it'll cost ya.  i would use wild game cam from dick's sprting goods
holy fuck man  i've been thinking about you. that's fucked up.
well  what kind of card did you expect from the  best looking gay guy at the office ?
it's a fabulous idea!  i wanna play it tonight!  i say we do it in gdocs and then post it later  but im a porn whore apparently.
 self-serving confessions  meaning that one is tattling to cover own ass  im plicating another?  
saw  seven pounds  today--some really fab covers on the soundtrack  which apparently can't be bought. hate that!
dirty  @babyface_gm ive actually found most people dont understand  bbw.   then again  i now describe myself as fat rather than bbw.
- so damn slow. it's depressing - i just want to be done!
a prissy bitch u r? haha...i hope 2 hear the occurance that goes along with this statement.
damn  were you using peerguardian/encryption?
damn! which episode?
tonight??? all fucking day man.
i read that book on gay sex
sorry that sucks. i hope your cobra kicks in soon. what's up with your hair btw?
i was gonna dedicate my 850th tweet to you but then i was all fuck  i already tweeted! but it was to you anyway so it's cool :d
oh damn...lemme do that now
i hate the ice! stupid pipe busted at my concord place. tenants woke me up at 2am with lotssss of water. fun!
that just sucks though.
i only buy magazines at the airport- i love bitch and bust too.
i was afraid of that. i hate when the weather does that.  meanest trick of all.  i may not leave my house until april.
damn. i have been using the wrong word all night. i need a blacktionary.
awwww. ur last twitters were kinda adorable. not in a gay way
i hate chex mix. almost paletable if you add bacon to it. merry christmas  and may there be bacon for everyone in 2009!
i hate the texture of chex - always have...
..... i pretty much hate t-mobile....
that sucks!  u must spread the word!!
there is a man who walks his p-b-pig in the domain wonder if they are related
your kind of a such fuck you know that right?
they have been touring as just the dead for years. i've seen them twice. bromance is a codeword for in the closet gay.
so true dick is the best. tomlin needs to let bruce go  so we can get back to steeler football with our run game running the show
oooohh!! that sounds good!!! i haven't ever tried that one. damn! my ex held out on me. lol!
notification is a loser move.  i'm onto you!!!
lol u couldnt really see my big fat poinsetta on my hat lol!!
ah  lucky! i heard america's a bitch tho
 @karenlongstaff damn  i'll put me kecks back on and put the camera away then?
hahahaha!!! so! funny! what the fuck ever. he's on my shit list regardless.
schmap published 3 photos of mine of paris (tour de france  gay pride and les halles  all are on flickr.com)
nothin&#8217;  i did my hair  that was exciting! and then played on the computer for hours. cuz  im a nerd.
whoa  he's bald and gangsta. damn  i want him as myyyy teacher. lmao
i hate it when i forget little details like that. you could always have him wear sunglasses. lol
that wat u get for sayin u wasn't impressed lmao. the parkin tickets a bitch though
lol hate to admit this for everyone on twitter to see  but i've actually started doing this too.. horrible..
that sucks.. i'm guessing its an online only item.. i hope it comes available soon :d i need it for when the dvd comes out :d
oooo. it'd be annoying if it wasn't so damn cool :)
thanks very much  dick. i'm contacting them immediately.
not just  whole novels.  moby dick  for gosh sakes!
lol. it's true your frozen tundra trumps my lame half-ass kinda-freezing once-in-a-while sucky weather. you = ice princess!
well hell  looks like i know what i'll be doing tues. this is the worst  no? cold  dark  boring as fuck. i want 2 sleep til april.
damn. i used to compile irogs when i worked in civil firm. discovery of all sorts can be tiresome. gl! atty's staff can help.
glad you made it home through snowstorm. sorry  @ wack-ass co-worker. i just realized i still haven't had lunch so i think i will!
im fucking following edwards miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine &lt;33333333333 ummm ya :) i wanna see twilight again :)
i'm actually finishing cutting out all artificial sweeteners / diet soda for new years. i'm going to be one. cranky. bitch.
aint a piss take....did you watch it?
townhouse is four years old. no cable lines. no high speed internet via phone or cable. sucks. wireless internet via digis.
pull your head outta your ass! are you ready to take the helm?
come here  i'll kickle your ass.
i concur  my ass is thoroughly kickled after that yoga class.
gah. i hate mosquitoes.
so you going to be ok when you get your double ass kicking from paul and i?
 @krockxp both you two need to get off your ass and put out a show  it has already been a couple weeks :)
glad you had a great time. can't wait to see all the pics on fb  flickr  etc. hate to have been out of town and missed it
air client? damn. what's up with it?
what  you didn't like the link to  pulp fiction  fucking short version?
damn  but that is beautiful. time to dig out my blackfive  don't be a dou'che  shirt in salute.
i still say my  pulp fiction  fucking short version reaction is better.
 @seanhackbarth it is a hate-fest  and that's the way i like it.
damn  i wish you had that up a bit earlier. it would've been a great part of the scramble.
shrinkage? shrinkage? hmm...so there's shrinkage in online retail? damn  i though that only occurred after a cold shower;)
adfreak coffee mug?? damn  adrants doesn't even have mousepads!
yea...until then i'll have to settle for being some ad blogger who has nothing better to do than bitch about advertising;)
well... the ad blogger ? damn  i'll take that. thanks!
that cat's  roommate  is a 23 pound tomcat who is one of the sweetest animals i've ever met. all muscle  no fat. ;-)
gearhound would be pc  my wife calls me a gear whore;) icelantic is a new company out of boulder  co.
that sucks! no wait  that's cool! umm. no.. that sucks! but it's cool! sucks! cool! sucks! cool! sucks! cool!  ...........
well i hate texting it every 5 sex
i prefer laughing at them whenever possible. like terrorists  leftists hate that more than anything else  even physical attacks.
damn thats frickin wack  hope u still get paid nicely.
i got the first bit...didn't realize the  dick  part was in that. (i had that as my myspace quote for years!)
i'm calm  but not a happy camper. it's jim's birthday  andi phoned for pc help today...and my home's been invaded. fucking hell...
could you imagine john f kennedy or churchill or abraham lincoln shouting  yaa boo sucks you 'kin wankaz  at the opposition ?
lol :d - you got me there! it's going to be hard to ace that comeback (damn  wish i'd've thought of that line :d)
erk. u poor sod. is rod serling nearby smoking a fag?
you're having a bad-snow-day... that sucks!  if you are snowed in  noone will see your hair right? trying to state the positives
i like how 46-49 is the same thing.  you know  i mindlessly pay the damn dog lic tax every year without thinking about it...
hey loser!  you don't answer your phone anymore... are you channeling your inner stick and losing your phone?
that totally sucks... that's weird that he would miss something like that  it is a total rookie mistake
oh no!!! that sucks but it totally sounds like something i would do :0)
lmao. does ur via have big ass rims?
seriously? wtf?! who can pass on hugs and kisses?! not i  that's for damn sure!
seriously! no idea how happy this makes me. also! the american express commercial just came on. damn he's cute.
my unemployed ass ain't goin' anywhere.
oh forgot - http://omf.gd/1/   :-)  quality is ass ured!
beedle? damn awesome! and hi! &lt;3
that was a fucking awesome book.
those are the best flights though! freak time's when the plane's a fucking sardine can w/ no aerodynamic balance or leg room
haha i feel like an ass i switched my name and forgot to load in under the new name lol
the terms black/white hate are becoming antiquated  the fuss over doug heil was 4 not  & social media is changing the face of search
you're channeling william gibson or philip k. dick with that last tweet  haven't decided which yet.
yeah  i'm okay. thong was wedged far enough up my ass that it prevented me from shitting my pants out of fear.
some squatter got it long ago. and you my friend are a dick ;)
yeah i was working on some social media projects and it was just to damn cold!
damn bro  best of luck.
damn you trying to be number 3 on her list? she dont need no more! :p
dude i love ya but the blip.fm stuff sucks.
the english dont give a fuck. this is established.
im meh about the whole thing. i love sari and all  but there's not much give a damn left about drama in me after wow.
i think u left your manhood downstairs with your testicles. pussy!
what's a sb?  (i'm going to hate myself for asking-in the morning anyway)
ah crap  i knew i was going to hate myself-must be bedtime.  how do you run a sb campaign though  must b for an existing site?
ok  now i seriously want to buy nice list even though i know i'll never use it! damn you and your marketing ploy
any special reason for the hate?
mobb deep fucking owns
bitch i am an eagle scout i will cut you and then perform rudimentary but effective first aid on you
that kinda sucks  does he not travel well. did you consider putting him in kennels?
wouldn't that be butt ass nekkid?
summer here is horrid - i hate humidity
damn damn damn i cant see livesteez!!!!! :-(
lol!!! well we just need to go out and have some laughs tonight!!! i will need a good one after this long ass day
the hair is minor compared to that awful ass singing
yes! the shower scene is what totally sold me! love it! hate to say it but i kinda like his body too.
yea bro people will hate at the smallest sign of you pulling ahead of them in anything. pretty terrible!
i'd love to  had i the time.  (of course i have time to bitch  don't you?)
and it sucks away your api twice as fast...
merry fucking xmas to you too!
lmfao...man i have a friend that looks just like plies too...i am sooo using that line on his ass when he tries to clown
lol  well  my kids would say 35  any normal person would say 50 ish.  i do hate getting older though
not me... i'm there for dick.
i keep waiting for my follower number to drop  but it only seems to go up  lol  especially when i say dick or balls.
well hot damn my wish came true! where the hell have i been? i had no idea!
hmm. i'm all legs  thighs and ass... the last thing i need is a million light-reflecting spheres working to spotlight my rear.
radio sucks in general  but hot97  @ least can entertain me most of the time. big treat from the crap philly stations i get by me.
cuz they wanna be ur 'dick in a box' for when shit gets sour w/ur man... in case of emergency  break glass!
damn. i need to get me one of those... what do you call it... a hookup? lol
must be a crappy movie if you're on twitter! i'm working. i hate my life. lol
oh  those damn germ carriers! hope u feel better!
the answer would be whatever night i make her drink with me and  @themadhat doesn't feel sorry for and rescue her ass ;-)
do you like boosie and whip your ass for a straight hour. whatta workout!
aw man that sucks!! was it your brother again? =( im sorry
actually  that's detective dick gumshoe from phoenix wright :o
that sucks. maybe they were just spam who had accounts deleted. #gno
woman please  i'd put my fat butt against your's any day and win. ok  that sounds dirtier than i meant it to be. lol
with jury duty just become biased against everyone.  worked for me first time i had jury duty.  told them i didn't like gay ppl
i know!!! now i have to figure out who's gonna teach me to use the damn thing!!!lol
i hate to say it  but i caught the tail end of his perf on snl  and he sounded hoarse or something
you know  she comes across as tongue-in-cheek sometimes... as a ratings whore.
it's all fat free on christmas. see? santa also gave me denial for christmas.
i nominate  @moltz for #isdoingitwrong sure   i don't know what *it* is but look at him! he's obviously fucking it up.
what if he is  interested  in being  taken  by a  gay  person  hehe
tell me you didnt ask him if he was gay haha
hellz ya i kick ass...just don't think the wives would think so
idk  my pumpkin cheesecake is damn yummy...
hmmm i hate trying to make up my mind lol
that sucks! hope they come soon!!
#name?
#name?
how he gon' be 'afro-centric  wit' a damn s-curl??!!! lmao
what you damn sonin' at?
appo is gonna copy that damn thingy to a dvd and gonna drop it tonight. i'll call ya once it's here. come by
nose? newspaper? net? nerd? neck? (am i making you cringe yet? no? hmmm  must not have the right word... ;-) )
awww  but i'm a nerd. (does that help any? :) )
...math/science (esp. physics) were my fav subjects in school... the longer the book the better... think i'm an nerd yet? ;)
- hate to break it to ya  but hd dvd is dead  u can still find cheap hd stuff  but it's not supported. long live bluray
actually  dick cheney slashed the funding of the program and cut the staff down to 1 person  which is why it looks so bad.
billy is really kicking ass... dark vs new mini-poster will be in comic shops in 2 weeks btw.
i'll hang tight and see how jan taco night goes (is it possible for it to not completely kick ass?)
get yer own damn beer!
http://twitpic.com/uakz - omg... that sucks... hate traffic... what are you doing outside driving in that?
i love that line. and steven stills. in a non-gay-roommate way.
i'm not sure i could work in politics. i hate the dress code.
that sucks. i assume you're speaking of your macbook?  apple fucking rips you off on power cords  esp. since they make such cheap ones
i hope it doesnt snow here i hate snow
fuck  i'm nervous.
i crack up just thinking of that! can you see that mom on the other end of the phone? too damn funny!
well  get yourself a sticky one that sucks to the chair then! lol
that sucks!!!!!!!!!!  i really wish i could head down now just to much crap to do before i leave.
i went and saw a movie an ate fat food instead of crunches it sounded like more fun
customers = thin love/hate line.  they're either really great or really sneaky....
ugh - the same!  i almost hate it.  would love to get to sleep at 8or9 like my hubby.  used to be an early bird!
they seem to be the same every damn year
i hate their ticketing policy.
i like programming...but i hate theoratical sujects...like computer architecture
- or l7 - that's where i totally kick ass!!
i am so sorry for you...wait..what am i saying? mine is going to be home for 2 weeks too! oh damn! teela can keep him busy!
lilmommaabc your phone sucks then! lol
i kept thinking u would be here at like 5 :( damn sorry dude. well man be careful and ill def try to see ya around new years.
its when u wash ya face ya ass and ya balls from in front of the sink lol
oh  they will  i'm sure  but how can they be proper emo-indie babies if they don't come from a broken home? it is fated.
i know  right?  it's harder for me to get well and keep well since i have a piss poor immune system.
that's show is the bizness.. why must we watch nasty ass sht
thats looks damn good bradda
damn karrine  they are trying to get at you bad  tonite.. whats with all these twaters!!
yep  i'm the epitome of geek. but at least i fail at being a nerd :p
why do you know what a alligators ass smells like dude? see i knew yall chitown people were freaky! 1st r. kelly now u & gators!
ooooh! weasels! my favorite.  at one time  i had four! smart little fuzzy time sucks.
yeah  i know. i hate hollywood but there's a party there that i want to go to.
wentz is probably all stressed and thinks we are going to hate him now bc the boards suck dick and he was trying to make them....
yeah  i hope he doesn't freak out about us hating it. and is there an online list?
watch gg instead. and he was like   i can't get this fucking thing to work and everyone is sending me fucking instant messagi ...
yeah  he was like  i can't fucking change my setting bc all the fucking instant messages are blocking 
certainly keeps me thinkin'.  damn da vloggerhood for makin' me think!
sorry  only you think with your dick 24/7
of course  some people still bitch about 3 admin ui revs in one year  but at least they finally got it right!
that's it  i'm spending new years in la next year  fuck ny  er jersey
happy birthday bitch!
foot fetish? i dont think so... i think its the fact you have on leg cuffed and the other one isn't... not very post gay!
congratz! i heart unapologetic sexy ass ghetto fabulous bitches!
i am taking you up on those cuddles!  i should head to bed.  i am watching b. urie pound the fuck out of a drumset  though.
well yeah you got me there..master race my ass!
is it as fun as it was 20yrs ago?  damn  i just aged myself  doh!
that sucks  jon. hope he's well in time for christmas.
i am actually just wanting some company on the sleeve slog that is currently my life.  did i mention that i hate sleeves?
 @shawnwildermuth love the zune and the zune pass. hate the software.
i think the fcc should mandate tv stations broadcast the  fail whale   image on the old  analog signals.
ill find that bitch. i been in a pissed mood all weekend i can use some1 to take my frustration out on =d
thanks! :-)  i feel so much better as well  i hate when they are sick  and it makes it worse when i'm not here  poor guy.
wannabe fortune teller. backtracks his entire premise in the last 2 sentences: declare it dead  but it'll live in a diff form
that sucks  wish i could help you out...
oh damn hootie! yup late 90's. now that i think about it  i was a big hootie and the blowfish fan... back in high school.
bah humbug! j/k she is the shit  i always had the hots for her. damn what happened to all this great music??
i think i was slow on the uptake there  i thought you meant some unamed specific char not in general. retard day..as usual. xd
believe me  not only fat kids like cake :)
hey you! yeah  it sucks down here  eh? not sure about downtown pdx but gresham/troutdale is hellish. 21  o' snow here in sandy :(
lol.damn i gotta find a cheap ass flight
liz likes to be followed.  she's freaky  and a freak is what i need in my life.
breaking dawn was a little too freak show for me.  i wish the story had taken a different turn after the wedding.
lol  maybe we have it at my store? i hate getting on the site unless i have to!
i miss u too.  when r u gonna cum down here?do u have aim?send me ur number i lost all numbers.i'm planning 2 move 2 l.a asap.
i don't mind a little baggy  but hanging off the ass is so not hot.  i wonder how much they spend on hair product...
sore  whale-like  sleep deprived... & only 7 mnths ;-) altho' prolly won't make it to 40. now don't you wish you hadn't asked?!? :)
that's ass. i know how u feel. i dropped mine on the street last week and cracked the screen. but i stil have mine...sorry :(
i hate putting it away  sorting  washing  drying is fine  putting away  hate it!
damn homie  i hear they pulled the plug on your twitter game  thats foul..
i am ok... how r u? :) the weather in belgium sucks thought but... hehe
hey girl i still can't use this damn g1 lol
damn i said happy new day lmaooo my druunk ass happy new years
thank u jesus that damn awful word is dead. fucka swag lmaooooo
right on eh! fucking fake canadians cease and desist with using canadian flags on your backpacks or i'll rip em off for you
don't ya just hate it when work gets in the way of eating?
i prefer 1st weekend of december for decorations going up. hate shops selling xmas stuff from end august. late november better
 why i hate bernie madoff  http://is.gd/c9cu
that sucks  i hope he feels better soon!
i love that you love hockey! (even if i dont like your team- tho i hate the avs too so we have smthing in common) go 'nucks!
poor you!!! hate both subjects!!!!
- fucking tweet already! we need nc tweeting!
happy fucking birthday  ho. i really hope this alert didn't wake you up. &gt;.&gt;
i hope you're fucking right now. birthday sex for the win!
there such a pain in the ass when there gumed up arnt they? u_u the stupid thing is this isnt the first time ive done that xd
well as long at its keeps its ass under my house and not where i can see it its ok! lol!
zach and even be gettin' in that ass boy in 2k9! i bet you a pro at 2k9 now  you jack-of-all-trades-in-the face ass nigga!
well you think of something then i hate you
 @yummyone congrats ladies but can't attend wedding... seen enough dykes this week (dick n barry van dyke) in diagnosis murder
too much dick on tv wat with dickies real deal and diagnosis murder.... oh and that jeremy kyle !!!!
how cum ur up?
i hope you feel better *hugs* - i got nothing on the ins. co. though. i can hate on them with you. bastards!
i hate those dreams!  i spend the rest of the morning dissatisifed with my own life and wish i could go back to bed :).
sucks always being inside on sunny days... i hope you get some time off work soon! :)
thanks.  it will get better on tomorrow when i have some help.  managing 3 under 6 when 2 are sick (+ me) sucks.
lol  but what was the rumor? gah i feel like i'm back in high school  i wanna fuck up whoever says shit about dave  he's kickass
its like his fucking twin or something. iuno it was weird.
i thought that movie was damn good  lemme know what u think  cuz i know ur picky
hot damn! it works!  thanks. hendersonville  too. my house!
nc barbecue is pig. sauce varies regionally (tomato- or vinegar-based) but not mustard.
that's right.  it takes a freak cold front followed by an effing huge snow storm!
oh i hate that!  after one mortifying experience i never ask a woman if she's pregnant.
btw  when are you going to let alice eat more than a fucking strawberry?
it kinda shows how hamfisted and ass-backwards they are going about social media.
whoa. quite a heavy-hitter to hang out with the vagabonds and tellers of dick jokes. guess we know who to blackmail first.
pardon the intrusion  but fuck. that mixtape comes closer than anything in decades in making me believe in god. thank you.
no  you know you are a nerd when you read your tweet and think to yourself  i'm surprised he doesn't have it on his iphone yet 
no  depeche mode sucks ass as well. se my earlier tweet. http://twitter.com/tcar/status/1073343643
me thinks you're cursed or visit too many porn sites. ff almost never crashes on me (leaks mem like a bitch tho)  opera never.
a nigga still sore as hell.... fuck the gym lol.... ima go and work that shit out today tho...
gotcha..... yeaaaaa  they might hate now  but everyone was with it back then....
at&t hates you. don't feel bad though  they hate everybody.
i *was* gonna say  coolest client ever  but it sounded too ass-kissy. in public  no less.  friend  is good. i like friend.
no doubt. teach that kid how to read the bounce or block out...damn.
i'd rather ban divorce than gay marriage. no question.
yeah  damn worthless cardio! = http://twitpwr.com/xr/
this argument sucks so bad bc i'm just trying to say tht necc is a valuable conference to many people.you seem to disagree ;)
 @big_rig said u look like a fag! idk? he's gay! it's like a 3 way double door action thing i don't want to get involved with lol!
holy fuck now that is a pavlova. i hope you dont have to transport it :d
link with the two flashes that hate each other http://bit.ly/12jqr
fucking awesome! lol!
and then they snap and get psycho on your ass!
or watch ghetto ass bitches fight over ghetto ass dudes on real chance of love?
no need to be scared. just don't piss me off in traffic. that's all:)
what time do zombies cum out n play? if it's passed 10  sorry. maybe next weekend?
next pax there should be a nerd hockey game for charity.
damn.  nice site update.  you do good work.
i also want to tell you that your pop review is spot on. i don't get why there has been so much hate directed at it.
yer damn right.  i bet that show was amazing.
oooh..thats a damn good picture too.
damn..wolfmother.  really?  i had no idea who the rest of the bands were besides velvet revolver. lol
as someone with 3 years of qa experience  i can tell you that none of that shit was near acceptable. fuck those morons.
damn you! now i have it too. sharing with all: the theme song from the monkees is stuck in our heads.  hey hey we're the monkees
not during the party  b/c dick's in a good mood much of the night. so bart doesn't get it beat out of him now.
het hate is all about sad poons.
damn i wanted to write something like that!  i wonder  if it has api/ical support
damn dude  we just missed each other in phoenix
if all goes according to plan  less than a day.  gotta get the fuck to baltimore :)
damn i think i was going to write an adtrotrain article for you
sure  but having a kick ass de facto admin plugin sure would rock!  for some folks... *shrug*
i dont mean in rails core  i mean as a kick ass plugin for people that want that sort of thing.
one of my classmates raised (tacitly) the same comparison. it doesn't make a damn bit of sense.
yeah  it'll have to do until i get the big-ass spotlight with my logo on it.
ohhhh man. that sucks. i thought it was tonight. sorry peeps.
did you add a contact with swear words? does that make it so it doesn't autocorrect  fucking  to  ducking? 
luigi's masion is straight fucking fun. short but fun
man fuck the urine. the onlky way to live life is to shoot some jap bitch in the ass with an automatic airsoft rifle
its much easier when you realize the japs arent really people and that the enola gay should have done another flyaround.
sucks!!! i'm sorry
the footage is awesome and incredible and srsly worth every fucking penny
yeah  i can barely navigate through one.  i hate all those distracting things in there!
eww - then it must be getting worse.  i hate the wind.  i think that is the worst part of winter  aside from shovelling.
yeah i had to work and it sucks. the city is pretty much shut down.
i'm really sorry i can't help with your cravings. find some people to click on the damn portal. seriously raid warnings work.
because working sucks. wish i was an old money baby.
lol. yeah man  the mall was fucking insane.
lol  i love  emo who.  i too trust moffat so i am very intrigued to see where moffat and smith take the character.
i hate to make you grumble so  wackiland!
i'm really glad hunter ruined the ending of that movie for me....i hate movies like that!! they really get me crying!
i know you've got search twitter set up for  smaller ass 
or it decides to fight back and the wires stab u in the armpit? hate that.
i hate tv in general  but wes' parents have it on constantly so i get to have dinner & rage at the news & current affairs shows
have you cum into possession of this book? i've heard of it.
two named lightsabers. nerd much? :d (sounds fun!)
sucks for them. you have a natural talent for filmmaking  and you're doing just fine without college  it seems! (congrats on nyt!)
are you ready to tweetboooooooomb!!! *that damn song fades in  just like at sporting events*
that's even better! i'm insured and i hate all my stuff! xd
i wonder if there are any sparkling vampires in the vincinity. xd oh edward!!! (i really hate twilight  lol.)
not yet  the woman was wanting to escape  but i'm taking care of the situation  pppfff. i hate these kind of things :s
hahaha! thanks for the heads up. i hate when that happens
goldies has the nastiest beer! :/ and the bartender is a fucking asshole. haha.
i love chipotle. fuck you. :) haha
:( i was ass attacked by the concrete floor.
haha. santyna is talking to me bout u. damn  still got game. haha
i lovingly call myself and followers  twits  all the time. hate to think i offend anyone though.
and prolific  and pretty damn smart about her career. although. those effing upgrade commercials suck rocks.
nice. i have a fucking pink couch in my room lol
ouch. i hate when i do that
...and theyre fucking wrong. the best horror films dont make you scream or flinch even once. in a good horror  you watch it and..
i realized it by watching old horror films and crazy foreign ones. ive also noticed that america has a thing for fucking up...
ya luv to hate it right ha ha lol night night exercise queen :)
how does self awareness keep one from being a nerd?
on which side of the nerd spectrum is a geek? being a geek is actually kind of cool now  right?
i know. but caryn sounded relieved once she decided not to fly to boise then wait a day then bus it to missoula. yes  damn snow!!!
ahh ok..sorry  i got worried about u guys. you don't have to be gay  telle! i'm sure there's girls out there that think you're ...
oh there you go! ha are we rebels or what? damn we should have our own show.
well fuck! lets get you one boi!
- latest video kicked ass.  it's nice to know that some people know they have to put effort into listening. :)
good im a be back that way soon... u need to bring ur ass to atl
damn its better than takin the greyhound thou lol!!
damn u hella racist why u dissin ur date like that???
damn pilots use autotune too!!!! this shit has gotten out of hand lol
fucking awesome. happy holiday.
ohhh okay. i hate dealing with people like that. they deserve to be bitched out though so you'd have been justified in doing it!
ahhhhh fuck! i didn't even realize it started snowinggggggg again.....arrrghghghghhhhh
you clearly haven't seen the post-shoe interviews. the man is such a fucking narcissistic idiot. i didn't know hate til he was prez.
damn why fuck drake?
for real tho...i really like kinetic typography..and its dope to a kick ass movie scene too...check it out  u may enjoy...
no  joe. i am not gay. this is the 3rd time you've asked. still straight. not really the kind of thing that changes wk to wk
you know  i love the holidays. get a high on it.  i just hate shopping!!!!!!!!!!!!
damn trust me times are hard lol recession mang...i'm saving my dough blowin for new years...where did u go? nostalga?
we gotta fucks w/ that... fuck a coach bag  sheeit looks hella generic  not impressed
fuck no!!! i'm goin' to supercuts lol have some snobby broad cut a couple of inches for 200 bones  i'm good...
kick his ass dude!!
i wonder why they dont realise that it sucks...the google reader as well as gmail redesign both are shabby
you can come entertain me. i don't have class til 11 tomorrow. and i am almost done with this damn paper.
oh...damn well...that sucks...but might be a blessing in disguise depending on what your next goal is
yo me and you both watched that  and no lie i was scared straight my damn self!
shazzam so y'all been cupcaking the whole time (insert eye roll) figured. y'all probably already damn married.
sucks about the cold but great about the mental state :-)
lol not a damn thang but computer keys lol *sigh*
jamie lidell already reminds of a less emo robin thicke lol
damn savitto you was doing the mostest you alright?
d: that sucks! we def gotta hang out when you get a little more money!
...uhm  ....did you just flake on showing me what the fuck a hoppe is...?
...when he comes back  he's gonna be pissed!  he'll kick some serious jew ass!!! &gt;&gt;&gt; jesuslovessmnb &lt;&lt;&lt;
i hate running.
same here! fuck florida!
if by old guy hat you mean the hat i just bought in st. thomas ... then yes. i am a hat whore.
visited your site and love what you stand for - lots of people share the love of the biz and hate the way it's been abused
moffit cancer cntr. pulled in & said i hate coming here. valet parking car  raised his bracelet- i beat cancer here.  new perspctv. tnx!
fuck i wish i was thereeeee!!!!!!!!
new years is going to be bomb as shit. sippi and indi are fucking the shit out of tennessee.
yeah man. a certain person has crawled up my ass all week.
yo when that dude grabbed the mic and started rappin a big ass lighbulb went on.  that's why he's with her then again it could b love
lol i'm glad i'm not the only one smh  speaking of i need to carry my ass to sleep so i can get up in the morn ha ha
i'd imagine!  i've seen some pretty fat raccoons this season out here in kitsap  too.  never much in a hurry  either...
feel betta gabe! surgery sucks ballz i know...
exactly. hate it when random readers drop with crazy comments w/o actually looking around and  reading . she did turn around
i think the mycoke rewards site is all flash driven...i hate it
damn i have to drive my dad to the airport that time oh well wonder wit it's about
yeah! you're not a whale!!! pretty soon you'll be back to your skinny self. :)
kick their ass babie
mine was pretty damn weird too.
oh i am coming with  ahhaaha  ah man  fucking starting children  gets me every time.
nope  i need no ass glass today =)
all the players hate avery; it's almost funny if he didn't piss me off so much. we won tuesdays game  but nobody remembers.
damn  why not just put them in a hotel? lol.
damn  i start complaining at 20 degrees. in the single digits i start going crazy. i don't even want to imagine below 0. d*_*b
52nd street. fuck. that. good album. but fuck. that.
more like piss and vinegar. you could call it cancerous ale.
it was delicious. more delicious than love. if love had a taste. and had toasted garlic in it. but it doesn't  cuz love is a loser.
u better shut the fuck up wit that lol
damn i could have sworn they were working on another season  that was my show. oh well  i guess it's entourage now...lol.
i thought they separated a few years back because he found out about her past adventures. these celebrity couples suck ass...lol
that's the  nerd  part of me. now horseradish is basically just a condiment. if you have parasites  see a doctor. ;-)
thanks for the ass-kicking ... getting sucked into twitter. needed that. and yes  reading is really tough at 90% mhr.
as your body fat goes down  so does your risk of other diseases like heart disease and type ii diabetes.
well. u have full permission to call me a bitch cuz for some reason. i might keep trying. i hate myself.
kick ass take a pic and let us see homie
dude i had the home  beta for some time now and its great. but now that ever one gets it i cant even log in it sucks man
lol. damn there gos my nogin lol you should follow me
way to fuck up the dialogue.
xd loser. you quoted a movie you didnt even see.
money doesn't grow out my ass. i've been saying that i can't do this anymore for over two years and by this point i really cant.
lol i'm sorry sir that sucks. it's always something. :/
my husband has a deep and irrational fear of chiropractors.  :(  my own gym sucks and has not massage facilities.
no cuz soulja boy sucks he has no talent anyone can do what he does as long as they build the image thats all he has
well we just have different views cuz if this keeps happening the underground talent will be no more so i say fuck it lets sto
that sucks. i went to bed before the new year even began.lol
saw that  @tourofnilgiris  tents by wildcraft..damn next time i will be a participant...
haa wow  i didn't see that yet thankfully. i just see too many rappers money talking with pics of them in their broke ass hosues
love to travel  but hate to unpack. ;)
yikes! glad it wasn't worse i guess  but still sucks. get better and hope the insurance crap goes by quickly and easily
so it sucks then?
yessss.. thats y i hate the holidays.. everything stops :( and theres nothing to do if ur not a big holiday person
damn cat....who does he think he is lol
that's what i just did. we went with cajun krab dip and the missus is making peanut butter banana bread. why? 'cuz she's bad ass!
it's their attempt at an instant messaging product  and it sucks.
its pretty stupid! to get it to work like windows you have to press hold 'command' then press your arrows. sucks i know!
i know not to fuck with your rare beer game
must've been.  damn men cause that  don't they :d
aw  that sucks. *pats stamsgal's head*
puppy is good. knows where to piss and shit..
already did. dude it'smissing every thirdorso spacebarkeystroke.actually  it missed most in this fucking tweet. i am so pissed.
i hate the internet.
i never thought i'd be in a position to say this  but businessweek is wrong. damn wrong.
i've said it before and i'll say it again..... slut : p
i like these ditties. can we have them? i'll reverse out the type. i hate white t-shirts
i hate typoos!!
that sweeeet fukn ass!
&lt;&lt;not fuckin w/ her lmmmao..me walkin into ur party chuggin off a big ass mug shoulda beeen a sign lol
i fukin called ya white pussy gammon ass like 2times smh...i juss got ofa work now...ima head by u
ugh i fear i did =/ and will tomorrow. well not fail fail. but like c+ and i hate the letter c
lol - you may be right - the bb was the size limit for clipping for me  i think..oh  but i hate stuff in my pockets. decisions.
wtf!? church!? why? church during the week makes no damn sense!!!!!
try finding a place open to get an italian beef and it's my birthday! this sucks ass
damn skippy!?!?!
fuck yes!!!! ring!!!
i'm gonna damn well try  anyway - though still  gaaah! and when you say 'surprise'  i have the minor fear.
girl!!! where you parked? that sucks!!!!
i need to keep my head warm in this cold weather.... bummer though  hate to see you go.
once again  it happens when you put yourself out on the internet. you get people that hate you...(continued)
yes! that's what i hate. it's like they were 'ugh wtf coffee break' and had someone else finish it.
good to hear your okay... i need my the gay...... wow i rhyme
best of luck to you. that sucks but you'll be glad you did it. you need to come wrestle sometime
the b/f sounds like a winner to me!! lol just messin but damn thats a crappy situation to be in :(
cool i got itunes aswell but i only use because ive got an ipod and i hate windows media player
where's the  dick  for richard come from?
thank god. don't pussy out on us
how about   cock-a-doodle-doo ?
 @farwyde hopefully we've exhausted our interest in the word  cock ; although i'm sure this could go on for many posts...
haha. should we start in on pussy?
no  but that was going to be the next  cock combo  question for  @design_doll
ernies on thrusday nights. best fucking margaritas in the valley
the  666  on my ass is actually a birth mark.
made is fucking hilarious. good times.
fuck. so much pressure. but as good as swingers is... he was a fucking pussy with his girlfriend. so i have to go with made.
i like all 3. can't wait to see what you've come up with. the one that people love to say they hate is brussels sprouts. not true.
i feel more beached whale than blessed. this pregnancy thing is a bitch!
census  schmensus. my fat pregnant ass on a donkey? there better be a spa at the hotel. for the poor donkey  too.
the job sitch sucks. my husband's a carpenter. who do you think is building in this economy? nobody.
the doctor wasn't sure since i don't have a conception date. joe-bear was kind pissed. his quote was  virgin birth my ass.  sigh.
:( i'd buy you a hooker but the recession is whooping my ass.
make love not war.  don't playa hate  congratulate.   sorry for the cheese. but its true.  be kinda kind.
yes  i mean. no.  you don't hate me :d
they do smell good. the girlfriend's cats were all over them  they can't work out whether they love or hate them
lol - love him or hate him  you have to give cherry credit for being unique.
yeah  bitch some more  your parents are dead and no one adopted you  get over it.
no! i am a very fit mother  in both senses of the word! gawd damn  you know nothing!
true. damn. the poor world is doomed!
lol  forgot about him...didn't lois torch his ass in an episode of family guy?
fucking great movie!! made my girl sit down & watch it the other...i got drunk and she cried...i love that movie....
sure 2 b on the naughty list as well but if that fat bastard doesn't drop me off this year i'll put some lead in his ass...
excellent! we'll straighten his ass out one way or another! :~)
 @lordschmindie you crazy kids be careful  it's a fucking jungle out there!! :~)
friend of mine from vegas. no  he's not on here and probably won't ever be. he's a pretty damn good player....
lmao...crazy ass...  the fear made me do it   i like that  i usually say  the devil made me do it. 
yeah he's gettin whiny...and her dads gf is about to get popped in the mouth! can't stand that bitch!
dude this breeze....i really wanna shove my boot up her ass. or push her down the stairs on  accident. 
nooooooooo comment on  dick butts.  xddd
fuck you i miss the island
i know...it sucks! we've been through it  both with the district and private therapists.
mijn punt was. jouw unison (veel geld) = ad (met potentieel viraal effect). edgy freak success = viral.
here's all you need to remember... i actually am as smart as you think you are. i know  it sucks to be you. i'm sorry?
sorry about the packer game.  growing up  bart starr was my hero  so i hate to see them crushed like that  too.  fly safe.
no false  that is a false fucking tweet  i know what your doing.
my skully's are knit personally by my damn self  and hood at heart  i the guy jump off harder than bodiest  hipster clockin.
: i know pwoplw that know people that know the fat guy...connections: i haz them. :)
i love dick clark  but why don't they leave him alone!!!
btw taskpaper  you were damn close. my sanity cannot allow me to try any more gtd apps. (not a few weeks anyway). hitlist????
w3wt! i was fat sam once :d
michael? rant? nevah!!!! srsly  that sucks...
 @theaitch it's never said  but the imp. behind  be more interesting in bed  was to me  take it in the ass or be more kinky
convo...but knowing he worries  kinda sucks. however  knowing he's fierce to protect kidlets-good.
83 in winter? hate hate hate
biggest loser contest  sfl sponsored  advice  and recipies in my inbox  walking clubs...you name it.
kill the lights is actually pretty damn cool
certain things can't just be gotten over......i hate it when people think you should be.
sears baby. i used to sell a ton of those. :) i hate ceran tops anyway-the tales are true.
bad teeth? my husband is retentive about tooth care-his teeth are rotting themselves....sucks either way.
i hate the  i'm popular and people make fun of me and i just want to write for me again  ones. buy a fucking journal and use a pen
you're such a bitch  i love it! :)
i just purged 3 bags via kijiji. feels damn good.. :)
should've specified. damn  i t's been so long since i heard that  i've forgotten the tune.
oh  man  that just sucks!  i hate when there's something i really want and it just won't drop
- i hate when i have to make decisions like that! i'm still only in my 30's but it gets crazy sometimes trying to balance it all
- re: retweeter  that sucks - can't stand peeps like that. hubby really is a gift! i hope you have someone like that in your life
- i gotta say  i'm glad it works that way - i'd hate to be  high  all the time - i just want to be functional
- i can't wait until i'm a high enough level so i can get something other than that damn osterich for my blood elf.
&#9835;&#9834;&#9835; cock-a-doodle-doooooooooo shortstop!! &#9835;&#9834;&#9835; &#9835;&#9834;&#9835;
hahahaa!!! as much fun as a divorce!! that song is fucking hilarious! all i visualize is hassleshoff crawling on the floor drunk
haven't you seen wall-e. fat people... ha
i think the 76ers need a new gm. how about elgin gay baylor?
hrm  that's a tough one - should do a blog post. there was one who asked me to fly to greece and trample his cock in my heels...
or the person who asked me who i had to fuck to become a fetlife greeter. lol!
though i don't have a whole lotta love for ms  i don't have a whole lotta hate anymore. just distaste. they've come a long way...
yeah some people fucking suck. fuck em.
haha. damn. someone noticed. liked that old one. changed again  something more gooftastic
damn. dude look like he was gonna be alright?
ummm wat the fuck u went and saw the jobros without me!!!!!wtf?????
thats my cousin valeria. she's a total whore. do her now.
i say  fuck   you say  yeah 
hahahahaha that was finally. really tho i hate you.
no way!!! how could we hate you!!!
hey  you know everyone knows the whole damn song.  we may as well join in!
spilled coffee all over me. bitch.
all the effing snow is in fucking washington!
i was listening to that today!!!! freak scene is one of the best songs of all time. also  possibly 'wagon'.
she's actually latina with a thick ass accent but she thought that i was lying about not speaking spanish to avoid talking to  ...
- welcome to frisco on new years....damn crazy!
did you intentionally spell it as 'sux' instead of 'sucks' to fit it into the character limit? ;)
if the sweaty ping pong player you're referring to is me  then i hate your guts.
yeah i hate having to re-add stuff and losing my ratings  but certainly doing this is the looooong way! happy hannukah btw
the other thing i hate? you can't rate podcasts or tunes downloaded via itunes. aaargh. this is why i still use juice.
lmao - yeh you're probably right. i take it so personally because i only send the damn things out 2 or 3 times a year :-(
fuck me  i wondered where he was! lmao!
oh damn that sounds good!
that totally sucks! i know who's gonna get grinched now! damn danville-ites &gt;:(
fat and unhappy?you're undeniably hot are ridiculously awesome(que earlier convo on this).its why i loves and miss ya! :) muah!
you wanna be my secret santa? i didn't even know i could build wishlist in itunes. i am so behind the curve. loser... i know.
no holiday is worth that! florida sucks! but happy new year!!!!!!
emo damage?
lol ok dork  i don't hate you. but g'night.
that is like the buffalo calling the rhino fat!!!
yeah  p90x does! if you  bring it  to each workout  get the nutrition you need 2 recover & build muscle...you'll burn fat! :-)
lol that would be scary! and yes  even if it is  positively  no woman wants to hear that! :) plump  fat  chubby are no good!
will they be your bitch?
when is kick ass #5 gonna hit shelves?
i am officially creeped the fuck out.
well  maybe it's in california  but the gay community here is peeeeisssssssst.   it's going to be a big problem for o.
been trying to find run run rudolph..smart ass! (we're staring with it next saturday)..same versi... &#9835; http://blip.fm/~14szw
kick some ass miss jen!
yes. definitely that's the worst part. or the fact that i'm actually a person who thinks today's version of hip hop sucks.
oh that sucks!!! so they were able to retrieve them :-(  i am so sorry!  that is my worst nightmare...
seriously  what kind of freak trainer requires a food log during christmas week? only satan! gosh  hope he doesn't tweet!
was it reva-thy? in which case... not cute and no remote can control that ass :) heh!
laughing your ass off? i'm not going there. i mean i'm not touching that one. i mean someone send me to bed already.
damn deze is zo cool: http://tinyurl.com/urh33
haha that sucks! i'd be sooo pissed. i think i found my glory zone where to shoot  though  so i might get 300 tonight  lol.
i've never liked the rainbow as a gay symbol myself :)
gimme their twitter and i'll bitch them out! you should get a discount :)
hell no  i hate crowds!  i have no plans for tomorrow :(  what are you doing?
remind me never to piss you off. lol
it's a murphy's law type show. like oh my god  it can't get worse... oh damn  it just did  lol. i feel for the guy  lol
lol  gotcha. i didn't say i thought it would sell  but i can understand it better. he's wasting his time  that for damn sure
lol. i've never been to a proper strip club  either. that's sad  i'm damn near 30 (in 4 yrs  lol)  @savvyfatty  @1hunid
bwahahaha  i just said  yes i'm leavin and ya'll can kiss my ass . they thought i was joking (i was... sorta)
man!  i hate when that happens!  my kids' toys are  adult proof !
where's fat philly's?
yes  i have you and a bunch of other special people following me.  i just don't wanna waste the follow on some random fuck. :)
i nominate  @mia for a shorty award in #awesomeness because well  isn't it fucking obvious why? :)
what else is a jolly old fat guy like me to do?  :)
no.  ms paint is fucking awesome.  lol
that review was on ain't it cool news!  some geeks hate it i guess.
ouch  that sucks.  hope you didn't get into too much trouble.
were you really making fun of my boy haircut?  now you only wish yours was as good as mine - karma's a bitch  boy!  bzzz  oops!
wait a minute  you tellin me after i smoke i contain heavy metal on my clothes?? fuck yeah man! &#57357;
- ha ha  true  half a product is better than a half-ass product   but i dont want http://www.vamooz.com/ to be both!!!
- ice t  yes...never ice cube.  he's bad-ass.  was he cool?
the same spirit- i only came here to do two things  kick some ass and drink some beer.  looks like we're almost outta beer. 
-  i have a shirt from chopper dave that says  they made me hate  on the front.  that could be the one for tomorrow.  lol!
- your design was so un-metal that it was hella-metal.  kim singhs's was bad-ass with the blingee pot leafs and purple pegasus.
can only handle so much pussy control...and the doves make me cry
damn son i always down for foos. maybe i'll swing up tonite for some football  peanuts and foos
damn skippy. locus hordes watch out. btw  we got samba de amigo for the wii this week. very fun...
al gore can kiss my rec credits' ass: http://tinyurl.com/5jb76v  :-) i actually offset our whole bill
gosh no  this sucks major. what was best about it can be found in ragamuffin. trust me.
if you give up the dope  you're gonna get fat. live fast  die pretty!
it'll be great for them  i know. just sucks to have to miss them and worry about them for that long.
haha:  ann  i think you are a hate crime.  i would like to maul her face with a garden rake.
yup. on thanksgiving day. fucking cops. ;)
you forgot to precede that tweet with the word fuck.
thats what you get for being fat :)
ummm...just say   naw  not 2day  but i'll hit you up later.  you get the point across without seeming like a bitch. feel mi?
yeah but shes got a huge following....mi dick. lol! ok  im sorry  i had to! =op
hahaha  damn right!!
fuck east-side juice??? whaaaaa-???? that shit got mi feelin like geeeezus in this mufucka! yee!
naw  f'real: its time for a visit man. im such a damn mommas boy  i got to have that connection or i start getting depressed...
but damn  dropping ice cream on your chest??? what an awesome visual.
well that sucks. but you can always find comfort in your gaming console! lol.
oh man....that sounds damn good! now im hungry. damn you!
damn! 2 racks? on what  might i ask?
f shooooo! im training on gow2. those cats on xbox live don't fuck around!
no fucking way. i usually take 125mg before it even does anything.
i hope someone is getting injured in the process of the real life pillowfight fuck yeah
fuck tha police.
i just think police are fucking pigs. bad experiences with them jumping to conclusions and holding guns to my head.
i hate going outside.
well then! thank you for the info. when i get home i'm going to go yell at them about their serrations. damn things.
laughing's fine  i was but a wee lassie. and fuck  there were teeth. mutant goose on the loose!
...because you added me  numbnuts. (also: be warned. facebook chat + my connection & daniel's computer = fail whale)
oooh...that sucks. i wish i could help. :(
yeah its snowing and that shits not cool...(its ice cold lulz)...but seriously fuck the snow
id rather use it and get it over with online lest i have to call and deal with aural ass fuck that is a utility co's cust svc
yeah its not the best camera..lighting over here is of shitty yhough. also if you move at all its blurs the fuck out of the pic
that's bad ass. i'm right on portage and wise. hang outs and drukenness should ensue. if you need help moving hit me up
so did anybody end up buying a fucking camera?
that's happened to me before  too (replacing a flat with a flat). that sucks.
duck fat online...the internet is a wonderful thing!
yo  baby! ain't nobotty gona luv u like i gona luv you. that other boy just be a pretender and a poser. my luv be duh real thang! :)
damn! it gets so cold u have to plug it car in. that's rough. how many hrs of sunlight do u get?
me too that damn jay for making such catchy tunes.
im having a open face turkey sand. not healthy but damn good.
i know where ur coming from. i almost thank god the battery life kinda sucks on smart phones for that very reason:)
yea i hv 2 admit after posting i reread & thought the same thng. guess i was feelin the sis love & got alittle emo on yall
thank god! i hope they give that lying bitch the chair.
oh but i did a few others. i actually kinda agree w/ u is the funny part. damn filter!
yea tell all your crackhead faggot whore friends. i am charging for entertainment
who the fuck is that asshole?
wtf you speaking in tongues and i ain't even fucking you yet. good for him then.
if he calls tell him to stop being a total bitch  get off his high horse  and loan me some money
fuck that cunt holiday
what the flying fuck? how the fuck do you reply to this shit. testing  bitch ass cunt test.
fucking bretts. i am pining my hopes on garrard ans jacksonville cause the fucking jets suck.
damn you broads talk about some gay shit yo
oh get the fuck out of here with that already go bo and smh at the complete retards on here typing to you
of course i joined this gay shit but i won't be saying no gay shit partna
ahahaaa fuck him  they pulling desperado tactics
which fucking idiot this time? lmfao n.e.r.d. said it best  this song's about...........you
we need his ass.  and a.j. we need even more!
well they had to get him away from cali somehow.  and they needed a fucking ace.  so pay pay i hit you check the email.
aj is a good bop too. now i want pettite or sheets.  fuck lowe.  i want a pretzel
you only just started hitting up the mass effect? its pretty bad ass all round i reckon.
damn this is some good coffee
so does that make piss bottle man song of the day?
damn it man  don't let them see how much we like it  they will stop :-p  @kellidunlap is so gonna push me down a hill for that
those are fine  you know i hate cats
you ate coffee? canadians are fucking weird.
lol fairr enough :l  putting them up is a bitch though.
i will still phail at sports xd  and that sucks :( stupid headphones.
yeah  remind me to murder that fucking golfer too.
your son is too damn cute...and i don't even like kids...lol.
ughk! that's disgusting. they must be fat girls...lol. and that price thing is true  but i'm not sold.
that's what yall call 'em now???  my piece?  not wife  fiance  honey but piece. damn shame...lol
kinda like how i took my dumb ass back out to 3 different granite stores today looking for countertops!!! lol...i have a rob too!
wait until you wake up in the am and see all your drunk twits. lol. you're gonna piss your pants laughing cause i am right now...
damn right
dude! don't tell me how to be a dick! let me be yo! #dickmode
lmao! thanks dude! i'm honored to make the cut! or wait  im suppose to be a dick right? damn it! why aren't i top 5 mo fo?!?!
but  @streko said i need to be more of a dick  so  here it goes: stop tweeting so much! gosh!! (ducks)
you get to buy booze  i get to drive with my parents in the car. fuck you.
i know  they get in the damn way! they always have to be so cute and nice.
come to dothan  bitch. you'll find someone to make out with fast.
aw  shucks. you did all the hard work. still  good luck with all that  man. moving is a real son of a bitch.  happy new year.
when i say i'd hate to have to stomp a mudhole in your face  that's partially anecdotal. i'd actually love it.
sucks  doesn't it?
omg  fucking awesome!
 @lilt601  @wordofsouth who will have the hottest albut out in 09 and i hate managers that try to rap ie l-bain lol
you can never have a fat enough pipe for your wifi.
a lighted whale! how cool is that?
isn't the blanket recall happening because all irish pig farmers use the same tainted pig food products?
beachwood bbq misses us.  i had a dream with kyle in a pig suit drinking pliny the elder. weird.
i know how that goes. people piss me off. .. alot
 @ibastard   damn right.  someone needs to drive me around when i visit!  my vote is for a convertible 89 mustang lol.
sickness gets recycled in my house. it sucks :p
you need to come visit  bitch. i'm only 30 mts.
:( hope you feel better tomorrow...sucks to be sick to begin with  but having to go to work on top of that...double yuck!
oh wait. damn. i do not have all the ingredients.
got to make sure gay people don't reproduce and overpopulate the earth you know.
if you want to hate leslie nielson  watch  dracula  dead and loving it. 
after our chat earlier this week  your tweet is a twerp. thrive or dive chick?
omg titz! r canadian titz mapl flvrd? *sucks* nope. tastes like the internet.
oh hai! here i am! *touches you with a whale* hellooo!!
but we did that yesterday. or tomorrow? fuck  is confusing being from the futr.
what a loser. yeah we're at victoria's house. stupid victoria made us miss the ball dropping  changed the ch at the last sec.
oh yeah. forgot bout the weather over there. damn  i hate being the last one to celebrate new years.
--- each confit will make the fat saltier (it's already pretty salty)  and when it gets too salty i'm deep frying with it.
#name?
--- you may be working from the same book as me; i'm confiting pork bellies (and then a cryovac'd tenderloin)  but in pig fat
i am horde  you alliance bitch! ilu. :)
no idea at all. hate weekends like that!
thanks amel. virtual twitt chocolate is actually very healthy with no fat & no calories. :p
can you imagine having that job? i would hate having to stand there & listen to folks pee. seriously - not a great job.
oh my..that sucks butt..hardcore..wow
i have to take out my battery and reset the damn dingleberry everyother day! wtf?
can't u take a sick day? fuck him...ill watch jordan if u need me too. i don't work tomorrow
sounds like it sucks i sorry
that's bad ass. i would also like the ability to move immovable objects.
i have the looks and soul of a fucking goddess  are you joking?! lol
yeah  i tried calling... even left him a long ass message.  @aarontait come back to us!
dread leads to hate  hate leads to suffering and suffering leads to the rage!
good call cabel. why the fuck is stuff like this still a problem in 2008!?
no fucking kidding eh?
i hear you. btw  the jonas brothers are gay.
it is easy and lasting me a long time now before i go in to have them retwisted. and i hate maintenance myself. :-)
that really sucks. i am sorry to hear that man! what am idiot judge.
sorry to hear that. sucks! who is the supe?
that! and i hate the plane-gobblin!
like... on  you? cause if so  we sooo have a deal. always wanted to eat bbq off a woman's ass... ;-)
do you remember  dream on??  dude got hella ass...on accident!!...kinda like i used to...lol!
fuck! good one!! staying with tc  maverick & goose singing  lost that loving feeling  oh my  that has to be top 3...
well  that's half the mystery. but now i don't know what you were even talking about... o.o i'm been a twit fail today...damn job
damn son  now u wanna bring the kids into it?  lol.  nice one.  i got one for you  just wait.
same -- sucks. back in the day  mobo manufacturers would issue firmware updates to address this. apple? nope :(
i totally have to jump on that train with you:  damn m$!  it's therapeutic.
ugh.i've been up all night. dh snored tossed all night.ur on vacay  y up so damn early?!
pittsburgh needs to stop exporting all the cmu grads out to cali. damn cali  w/ their great tech jobs  nice tans & fake boobs!!
you damn skippy..... but it would have been fun...you missed out!!
they're rioting at a college level! did you see the pool? they flipped the bitch!
damn you! i just woke up and now this. damnit! oh baby pleeeeeease! give a little respect! toooooo meeee! there  happy?
i almost thought i'd have to participate in day w/o a gay because mathias says i'm gay. then i realized i have today off.
rodney on page 1! however  covered up by lost. fail sci-fi! fail whale.
drive slow. and damn i missed roxy last nite! did she talk about how she got in the game or how old she was?
you know what pisses me off! that i cant fight a damn russian or euro ever! it takes freakin long to get a match started
folie a deux  will it get old?!  @cassiemeltesen duuude i know this sucks!
 @cassiemeltesen no wonder they call us the three fat ugly girls! haha
ok! man what a start to the new year  fuck my life
um  how about nerdsville you fucking nerd
holy shit ninel sighting that stiff bitch is kicking ass covering for a broken windmill blade
im out troll but dont worry the hate continues fuk face
have some kick-ass holidays guys.
i had a good holiday here in alabama. haha  getting a new blackberry on january first cause my phone sucks. how was yours mix?
i hate you so much right now. my ass is fed up with this snow shit and it's only been a week since i've been back up north!
hey  who came up with your name design?? that is cool ass design...
hate to admit this but i'm a basket case at the end of  edward . i'm tearing up just thinking about it.
oh great another fucking video from you... have you ever thought abour retiring? lol
i hope not there is no bathroom where i am parked... o' damn....lol
i heard the same thing about eating pussy. i heard a mouth full of now and latters makes the pussy taste better!
cum has lots of vitamin c but does she swallow?
could be worse you could be stuck in a nasty ass truck stop right? lets hope you get something tomorrow huh?
what the fuck you talking about ass cap? you already have my number and no i didn't call your ass!
those soundboards are pretty funny  the lady is like it is illegal to call a 1800 number he is like fuck you! :)~
damn ur in vegas already super trucker  @ @ www.truckingrooster.com   @ @
is it too far of a stretch to just say that buying drm'd music sucks?  amazon sells mp3s too  y'know.
damn...u know i 4got that...lol...how u?
ah!!!! i hate loud auto-playing web video.   eeek!
hahaha what did thedivasoffial say to you? i hate to say rofl but i'm actually rolling on the floor at your comment
view my douchebag of the day video you made at youtube live! http://tinyurl.com/6y8kae comment and i'll freak out haha
hate on bush all you want he can dodge his shoes http://tinyurl.com/63gsj7
...would love to share some ideas (read: have been looking for a guinea pig to play w/ twitter + teaching  @uwgb) interested?
i wont pass out  but pretty sure i'll make an ass out of someone. oh well  good day just the same.
fuck i'm late. :)
if your next tweet is  pull my finger  i swear i'll piss my pants!!!
mmmm fat kid pizza.
passing gay marriage bans  the government is doing just that. regulating personal relationships. not the government's job.
full confidence in your ability to kick ass in the new work... *raises a glass in spirit*
i had to go to two stores to get all 4 books. hope she likes. she's 14  but kinda a nerd  so hopefully she will. lol
juiceegapeach i was gonna ask jia i am lost i have resorted to reading. lol i first heard about it from mbd's video i hate boring blogs
i know. but let me tell you something: lunchbox sucks donky ass :))
sleepy so fucking cranky!
i hate it  just want to start trouble
your code sucks! ;d
fuck you and your weather...i will beat you soon with the california sun and constant 75 degree weather! you just wait and see!
damn. 11a-2p rt  @orbitcast: new  kids stuff  show launching on sirius xm kids place live http://tinyurl.com/a49xds
oh damn....i'm so sorry honey...
no worries ryan - i'll send some home with kelly or else it'll end up on my ass.
that sucks - hope you feel better. too bad moms don't get to take sick days.
but you gotta love gertrude the groupie and rolland the roadie and who the fuck is alice? unless you got high and you missed it!
c'mere and fuck me already... i need it
ctrl + tab is still ok. i just hate the right click refresh ocd many support guys have. even some members in my team! :(:(
 @michaeljamesway  @frankiero damn all of you for constantly talking about starbucks!!!!  now i really want some...  =(((((((
the same reason i hate that i love matt pond pa and rhett miller.
great! i wonder if i can figure out a way to set up papal on my blog to accept payment for gs cookies...other moms will freak!
i might be able to pull off the ass-miss spirit but not in the christmas spirit!! lol
you go with your bad ass diva self!! lol
re twilight  i've not read it  but my coworker says it's brill cuz it's sexy w/o  any sex. she also said the writing sucks..
done. i've had my ass kicked by a duck before. not an experience i want to replicate.
damn yo fb status drama .. intense!   @neeci you will be missed. dont forget to write! bon voyage! a riva derci! sayonara!
that was an *if* i just hate brushing knots in my hair.id rather have it polished occassionallyby the airport shoe shine man
but a lovely nerd indeed.
whatchou talkin bout willis? i just twatted your ass!!!!!!
go look at my profile....it's the sixth one down. do i need to come over and bogart the sticky stuff from your ass?
don't freeze your ass off for me. stay warm and toasty and mail them whenever.
fuckin a it does!!!! haha how the fuck are you my fucking friend?
i am supreme nerd. apply for a professorship at mit now!!!.
 @tyierdurden yes. always. what the stamp look like? .: either tyler was here or my hand print on your ass in pastel orange !??
all too fucking familiar
are you aware that layne refered to you as a  twitter whore  lol
that's good.....i reallllly need more ram  but saving money is a bitch.
fuck it! you'll do it live!
megakoko sounds pretty god damn cool. maybe hook a laser to his back and stove lighter  and you could have hamster wars.
who on earth (besides the subscribers that are ankle deep up your ass) call it that?
 @alynndeluc omg i wanna play! i hate studying!
gah  stupid sixtyone and inability to share music. i hate relying on youtube  but: http://is.gd/1yvl
damn  those usv guys are awesome. this idea is great.
dear ed  you're incredible at what you do.  plus  this song is kinda gay.....  well... really gay.
dear eron: the drums sound fucking incredible....  er.. i mean godly incredible.
damn man u have an amazing boss!
that sucks that you got screwed present wise! come on people! i was very blessed this year.
oh ouch. what's worse  numbness or pain after? i hate both. ;-)
damn almighty
...see how u kuup switching i up and changing ya damn mind! i thought it was korea? now madrid or milan?? been there done that!
on westcoast time u early ass eastcoasters!!
what up! i'm always learning something new frm u every damn day. u r such a treat. lol
 rdbms done right  sounds like  gentler kind of pain in the ass .
you could uh tell me all of the totally cool things about you  where you've been  who you've opened a can of whoop ass on.
spew! i hate mountain dew! it tastes like...oh  nvm.
settings will not let me upload an image...for 3 days now the fail whale says running at capacity  i have a feeling its the cache?
 @socalcub i made a spice cake for  @polomex....cum git sum!
 @cupidboi79  @paulkaplan5 damn i have only 1 bed and 1 cake. whatever shall we do?
go kick that owner's ass.
they're awesome - lemon ricotta cookies.  this is only the second time in my life i've burned myself but damn does it hurt
damn i needs that league pass broadband...but hey...beggars cant be choosers...who's a hypocrite?...i am.
yeah esta aqui..or whtvr the fuck....i lived in d.c. for 7 years..of course i dont know how to spell colombia...just said  d.c. 
damn i remember bein huddled five deep in front of a winamp browser in the west towers dying over this!!
damn i tought i had a ton of email addies.
hope so  but damn. i want out of here. *grumbles*
the drive to bear sucks tho. very windy (curves  not air) and traffic can be a b*tch on busy days...
yeah  even took the damn silver surfer shirt off the wall. had to be crackheads. no sober  stable person ever liked silver surfer ;)
i've asked him for a sentence about him for ages :-) the whole about section on .org sucks and needs a refresh
go fuck yourself
structure isn't quite the right word ... nor plot ... more like notion ... also ... it's hard to make myself not write  fuck. 
i fucking hate your team all over again.
that sucks - hope you feel better soon.
yeah i did - whatever do you mean? haha i'm really glad i didn't do a solo pic though - hate the way i look in pics
mix you will be fucking awesome
how are ya? i hate when my boyfriend hogs mine too  thats why we ordered him one for christmas :)
from what i hear from my parents... and newspaper he sucks. not a suitable candidate
lol damn broke the screen? tough love? word? haha and yea that would be a good name for u..truth sells :d
good call boo   bitch   boo x2 dumb ass plaxico
i know what u mean  my im2 hsdpa sucks as well
damn me and my drunken twitters!  lol...but i had a point.
yea  b&b is awful!  olivia must have needed work  so they wrote her back in as a favor.  eva sucks!
gloria gets too many damn breaks on the shw!  i guess she's gonna fill kay's head w/who knws what!!
ur cultured as fuck 2day huh
damn..im tired just reading that shit..we gotta have a bday shot on sat!
ur copping it? i offically hate you! the video it takes is ridiculous.
agreed! i hate internet explorer!
we're still doing nerd night without her?
perhaps at least a warning that it resizes the fucking browser window.
what the fuck? did i die? #6wordepitaph
especially in a world of 30  displays. the corners and sides are no longer infinitely large. they're waaaaaay the fuck over there.
e.g.: mac: windows sucks! fitt's law! my menu at the edge! next: whatevs  n00b. my menu is right here  where my mouse is. suck it.
i nominate  @tony_d for #coffee because without it  he might never finish his fucking novel.
damn  i followed you two days too early.  mom was wrong  procrastination can be a good thing!
hell no  fuck bh  i have a new host
oh  but you got to sleep those lovely lazy extra hours while i was sliding on ice trying to save my ass for bruises from v.
thanks for the positive words of encouragement. . . we are doing our best to kick ass. . .
correction sir - i am a gay man in a woman's body as we already discussed. i just want to have  big gay  fun!
i hate sunday nights becoz the next morning brings the budget meeting. bleh...
hello rachul  this is the internet. soz but i just a bit hate you right now.
vampires hate lights tp twilight vampires glitter in sunlight.lmao.and twilight werewolves dont need fullmoon to transform. wtf.
thnxs that's what i will d today. wrap up the end and plan new move. damn that feels better.
move over give me some of that hate monday
you lyin ass cheese sammich we all know your gay so you wont have a hot gf unless its a tranny named manny
hahahaha made you laugh again. damn im gewd motha fucka
sliders was a fuckin kick ass show meng i miss it to
ok you are gay for watching that show you damn flake lol.
hahahaha maybe but i shall not say but hell fuck yea im getting smashed as fuck tonight... drunks all around baby!
damn you! i think you got me sick. :(
good is fucking gracious? sounds naughty...
you'll get a million replies  so here is japanese dirty words: manko(pussy) koshinukei(chicken) teme(bastard/bitch)
i actually want school tomorrow  as it's my work day  and i want cancellation on wed.  since it's exam day. damn my luck.
hahaha i asked my dad to change the channel  he asks why  i tell him  he goes  oh come on! i hate this.  xd
thats a awesome ass hat lol
no  it's all good  not hungry yet just want it to get done. i hate my stew not to be perfect lol
glad to hear you got comments and not just dm's. i love to hear people work it out  not bitch and hide ;)
no fucking clue
http://twitpic.com/uzdf - that looks fucking sweet!!!
it's the season for it....damn u satan
what the fuck  so what you wanna like twitter battle or some shit?  i mean 'the fuck is you sayin'??
homie...those pants piss me off.  how is that even comfortable  or even fly?  lol.
you are sooo damn going! ;__; don't ditch derek on his special day!
that sucks. why is your vision all messed up?
lol. so damn bitter this morning.
me too! holy damn..i think her cell has been disconnected too...
hah! nice. gunther parties are the best kind of parties. :) next is rhianna. all those songs we hate to love. lol.
awwww....dude. that sucks!! hope you find a paperclip and a rubberband!!
all i can say is........megan fox can knock me up!!! gad damn!!!
hahaha internet is damn slow today
fuck .. dman scary .. it can happen to anyone of us .. poor guy .. :(
hey...jus saw ur itinerary ....pretty busy schedule... will definitely cum out dere...werever in mumbai u cum...2 meet  ...
i never realized the singing was so damn fun on this. i got a flawless on hungry like the wolf on medium on my first try.
robert :) sorry i hate when i miss type names
maybe that is the prize  eh? i mean in a circus that capability could command big bucks...side show freak makes good? ;)
i hate that i get scared and parnoid when my house is quiet
go girl! use that power! ;) (that's pretty fucking cool.)
 @levigroker the ambiance at sushi jianken is what husband doesn't like. he thinks it's poser-metro. but the food is great!
i actually appreciate the goldman's unending seething hate for oj. it warms the heart on those cold cold nights.
my ex  swore he wasnt wit a girl that kept calling  and had pics in tha cell of her.friend shyt my ass..never introduced me to ...
unless you don't give a rat's ass if she catches you.  or if you even hope she catches you.  or if you're in the bathroom...
with my fat ass fingers its is simply amazing i get anything typed well....
you gonna change your mind now and come to ces..if so give me a tweet kick ur ass in someww pinball.
lol!  awesome!  totally beats my  knocked ann-margaret on her ass at tiffany's and didn't recognize her  status.
that is one bad-ass treasury! nice to see some new artists in the mix. i heart charles chuggypeg!
damn i started reading the 1st chapter of aria.i think i may be hooked
it is! it's the version that dr. whats-his-name died to on er. damn song makes me cry every time i hear it.
same here.  i feel like a slut for breaking out the monster drink. this is on top of two venti vanilla lattes i've already had.
ha! probably lee. that bitch fights dirty! you can totally tell. look at those shorts!
thank you for covering the garden! i would hate to lose all those wonderful greens to a freeze.
damn nature  you scary!
did it really? i fucked that bitch up!
wow  you're hard core.  i was just gonna  you know  exercise more and try to eat less.  damn.  :)
no lie  when i worked in publishing we had an obnoxious customer: richard head  ph.d. you got it  that's dr. dick head.
then my dad would either bitch  or just leave the torrents running 24/7. besides  i'm too cheap to buy a dd-wrt / tomato router. :(
ah  i hate that. we get the mormons every now and then. last time it was a really hot day  and my dad offered the guy some water. &gt;.&lt;
yeah in tx they'll shoot your ass - then ask qs
have you googled yourself lately?  bad ass aint no joke.
that really sucks. i feel sorry for all retail workers over christmas. i didn't have to do it last year and it was wonderful.
fuck! is this guy the new jesus? i just don't get it.
 @shallomj i would resent these comments but i fucking agree with you
damn i was worried if you knew it was me
shit. i have been pretending to be the wrong damn thing. effin' vonnegut always ruining my day... :)
you're on. i hate year end  popular   best of   in review  stuff.
yeah. and watch the fucked up guy on the front page of blog. it sounds like he is about to have an  emo  speach.
50's new video game is supposed to be setup like gears2. hopefully it sucks less than his late ones.
i was wondering the same thing. watch quiet a lot 'comedy central' but did not come across this guy! damn me!
he's back from w.e the fuck he was lol
damn  thats a serious studio session
damn  some in-n-out would hit the spot.
i hate you. to compensate  i continue to write ravanayan.
i'd just hate to be known in my career as the  diarrhea guy .  happy holidays to you too!!
ok bitch update this status asap!!! ya digg!! see u on facebook love! :)
wait. nevermind. damn you slow brainwaves
i wish dick cheney was gay cause then he would ve shot more ppl in the face
then fuck them. go to a mac with an iphone hooked up and jailbreak it. thatll teach em
would you be implying that im gay  or youre blind?
geek. only because nerd is to harsh.
nope  i kept fucking up anyways
ha i am a whore but you know you love it. now let's go watch the rocker!!
damn that is purely awesome!
sweeps week: meryl streep plays gay arsonist on cops!
i get the twitter 'fail whale' on days when my broadband strength is low.  more to do with connection i think than capactiy.
i just woke up from a nap too. felt damn good.
managing group politics with a bitch  http://tinyurl.com/axmzxe
damn. you're taking off tomorrow? you must be sad to leave. sounds like a pretty busy week and a half tho - you hardly twittered!
why you hate dhoni?
listen guiness. get your paddy-ass outta here
yo my internet is working again! damn you never know what you had til its gone...
its been too damn long! really since the ahh breeding ground...
is that a monkey in your pants...or are you just fucking crazy?
ugh  that frickin' sucks. :(
i nominate  @memorieskillme in category #humor because this bitch makes me laugh!
send them instrumentals man! im performing a peas gotta have it track tonight too  fuck it
i loved the band name: gay biker nuns on acid . doesn't exist  but we had a kid in high school convinced it was a punk band.
yeah...i know...its really gay.  i ended up staying up till 2:00 am
do the 'fuck em girl' dance.
supposedly its what they call gay dudes in the south. bear meat is supposed to taste sweet.
damn i need to start watching dexter  have only seen 2 episodes from season 1. i have a feeling it's my new favourite show.
wow that sucks :( how long are you in a cast for?
damn you got those up fast! good deal. thanks for the props
if spelling things ala francaise will piss them off  then yes  it should be - mabad.
oh.  damn  i was hoping for my share.
pssst  my massages include an intense ass massage 2 die 4. don't forget a nice foot rub too. usually will lead to the e zones
hey belladonna  it's mike aka fff (christy canyon nickname 4 me-future florida fuck) a true pleasure 2 talk 2 u on air 2night.
hey there  it's mike aka fff (christy canyon nickname 4 me-future florida fuck) a true pleasure 2 talk 2 u on air 2night.
i've owned all metal gears(luv 'em) & own littlebigplanet (like it).but hate crossovers- esp. from incompatible game fictions.
obviously helping disabled children is more worthwhile than what we do! (but to say we sell  gifts for people you hate ?)
didn't do it..lucy and ella(our lab) would freak out. :) so tempting though...
omg facebook has claimed another victim! hope you're at least kicking ass!
no  i don't.  i hate downloading crap to my phone.  feels like i'm bogging it down. i'm weird.
yeah.  i hate vinyl.  we have tile but i have the same troubles unless i clean daily.  gonna try my all terrain steam vac on it!
what a router-nerd.  building an end table.  just rough work to practice.
for pussy?  @flintacious because no one can keep a secret. we need to make a man pack....
i hate to say it  but i get  like  4 spams a month. maybe. not sure how i'm able to do it. and i've had that email since '05.
as far as food the only thing i've had there is a burger during happy hour. it's like $2.99 for a burger & fries. pretty damn good
fuck rules. stay there until they ask u to leave. then just switch computers.
fuck if i know man. were guys & don't think of that shit until afterwards. u usually go crazy with the camera but not this time
believe it or not  both of my parents know how to text  and my dad is over 60. they sooo kick ass.
sorry about the bday thing -- that sucks. :(
very nice photo!  fat face??  lol  i think not
the miracle was getting the fucking hooves out
yeah.  this sucks bad.  i am in an icicle tomb...tampon...tank.
very cool. a girl nerd huh? that's a bit of a rarity and i wish there were more in this world. girl geeks/nerds rock!!!!
damn  is economy hitting you that bad?
i'm in ewston babe. sorry to hear about your job. that sucks  esp. before the holidays.
dang! looks like ingen has moved away from dinosaurs and are doing 70's tokusatsu heroes  now. damn you  john hammond!
it was so busy last night! then hella people came in  @10 min till closing & i was all mad cuz i had to make their damn drinks haha
benson- dude fuck yea. i'm gonna bank tonight
oh a fellow spelling freak!i can't stand looking at a wrongly spelled word.haha one of my many quirks.
i hate #magpie and i don't think it's neat. lol
i can't abide family guy  i hate it more than david dickinson and believe me  thats a lot.
haha yeah he's called both but father christmas is just the typical english name for him.... and yeah hes fat lol
damn!  i hate to miss that  but i'm in vegas again.
tell them that the mirage is a bad neighbor. they played those damn volcano sounds until 2am. bastages.
normally when i challange..it's more of a  fuck you leave me alone  responce
h-a-t-e hate hate hate! but why? two game losing streak?
any chance of some charge tees for fat guys? american apparel hates big folks.
ah!!! despereaux  lol. maybe not sure. i hate in 3d they always copy an idea a re do it  this one is like ratatouille
it's....hmmmm....unislamic  unkosher and full of animal fat. ewww i'm still grossed out.
powerpoint sucks; even good shows that take tens and tens of hours can't compete with key note!
doooood. the fucking accent/cadence. good call.
fat blonde male overheard   yeh my body changed when we had children too! 
argh i hate it when that happens
i pick slut red. just to stay on theme for today.
am i weird? i hate baths!
will most likely be huddling & bitching about cold also - you'd think after 30something years  i'd be used to it. hate. cold.
 @thronkus totally expecting the spotted dick too
bleezard! hate our local news:  top story: snow... in other news: snow... and hey  snow!  they live for this shiz
will try and get them to contribute something to the process - just hate the morning hubbub b/c i'm doing everything!
not a control freak - would gladly give up any of the glamorous morning duties! will continue to sigh loudly for now.
wow you must be payed out the ass im in thw rong bizness hahahahaha
good fuck that greasy shit!veggies all day fam!! even seth be on that salad all day.he eat it with his hands but still!!
yo i just listened to  live and let die  werdplay feat. mic geronimo..that song is so fucking insane.
no  it's more like   you're gay!! . you hafta spell it out.
no i don't get it. i'm sorry i must live in before the fucking ice age. :]
yeah 2 and a half minutes per ass cheek.
i aint talkin bout food hungry ass nigga. im talkin bout the takeover!!
u wanna give me more... :p ...fuck me and feed me huh? lol
if u talkin teyana taylor.  @blakbillgates is right. she don't like dick g. sorry.
i hate you *eats spoon full of oatmeal and slurps down diet coke
my shit is done already  i got a trilogy called  i hate rap   naw  just joking...  &  rap is dead  but buy my shit 
its a freakin club u don't need a damn invite ha!
umm just put on sum gloves jia...damn stop being so prissy lol
well damn lol
well damn dats wild...niggaz aint shit ugh
well damn i hear ya.yea kill that now if u feel like it may be a even bigger probelm down the line.
damn ol boi still acttin up?!
i hate waiting for them to pick up...in london you can order via txt with geolocationing on your iphone too
you're a dick for the heroes spoiler.
lol why u hate winter??? hehe lucky  we got summer  @ xmas!!!
davidlano good luck..... i hate doing any sort of public speaking.....
for sure... i still need todays epi too..... but i hate what they're doing to todd... they're completely ruinning him :(
did you just call me a bitch grunny????..... onyd!!!!!.... lol
i hate promises  cuz they can always be broken...but i trust you  so hopefully i'll see you again soon!
i hate projects like that!!
lol i know... very well mannered... aren't i? but it's true!! i hate that we have to choose such a small number... not fair.
damn right.
no crab? don't be a bitch. twitter party indeed
yeah but i still don't give a fuck about xmas..
aww man...that logo sucks...i feel your pain...good luck with that one buddy
eviscerates chris matthews: http://tinyurl.com/6becmm if he runs  fuck it  i'll move to pa to campaign against him
that song is fully barfworthy. only song nas ever did that was worse was fucking nastradamus aka the song that made me hate nas
not hating on it was written  but it was by no means better than illmatic and post i am... nas fucking blows extra hard dick.
ahhh that's fucking hilarious
are you sure you know what your getting yourself into by following my twitter whore account?
nope.  carson city pretty much sucks ass.
oh  damn it.  i should make it more drunk-tweet friendly then.  doesn't your twitterware allow you to just click on my face?
hahaha. dont hate! hahaha. you know you fcuk with young dick
nigga when you see me in the streets it's going down! chitty chitty bang bang  bitch ass nigga
i didn't want to say anything for fear of a split screen of  @chrisbrogan driving down to kick my ass...
everyone knows .ass is inherently superior to .srt - it's in the format.
relax... i'm not trying to 'convince' you of anything. it's just that we all prefer files that have been subbed in *.ass  done well
so sorry to hear that. that really sucks. pls keep the twitterverse posted and let us know if there is any way we can help.
some aerial shots of the mitre 10 fire http://tr.im/20c2 - damn helicopters and their awesome vantage points
riding home with walt on my back... that way if i fuck up i can just jump in his jeep! thanks tho :0)
ok  that fucking skit had everything. why have i never heard of this man  this  daniel tosh? zomg!1one
that sucks!  i can't imagine it would be easy with him saying   what??  to everything you say.
hate me?..... if anyone needs me ill be bawling in my room for 3 years 2 months and 4 days..
omg! i hate when people say that!
$5 dick? any relation to a $5 footlong?
that is so true! i hate summer when it's here  and then i hate winter!
wheres my laptop slut!
i hate when i do that. ;0)
booding. if you're feeling less emo  don't forget sobranie cocktail: http://bit.ly/voyu took some of those to a festival once...
 @perrybelcher a she nerd with an attitude.
i know!  too fucking cute.  cannot. handle. *faints*
i'll agree. that michigan bill sucks double jeroboams. like  exponentially! those michiganders are suffering enough already.
...o_o that's mildly terrifying. the bears  not the adorable pets. man  i'm so pet deprived. college sucks  lol
 they're unlawful combatants.   uh  no  dick  *you're* unlawful imprisoners. god i hate those men.
how fucking rude of them!
well perhaps banks are too fat in how they do business. i dont know that it's true but many businesses are too fat
*hugs*  fuck em.  listen to ur ipod   dont let da man get ya down.  :)
ha! i literally giggled...no fake lol here. i hate going on odb (that's www.daboard.com tell em jimmysticks sent ya) on the mobile.
you're fine  but people with a blip every 3-4 mins get the fat unfollow.
it's just not fucking normal. it's not.
come back to us jason - damn the storms!
wow dude. sucks. see you uh...next week then.
ahhh. best fucking yak ever
i really don't like stuart maclean's faux stumbly  bumbly wooly sweater style.  prairie  home companion wannabe.
ass kissing == traffic == profit. unfortunately.
the resolution sucks  too. it's not water- or fire-proof  and it can't be encrypted  forwarded or archived.
the internet never sleeps  and i work in online marketing. so yeah  i can understand why it sucks.
yeah. it was a joke because of people saying bob's 'cunt' wasn't a form of art. arts what you make it. even if it's gross food.
that sucks =( mcr fans are giving up on them cause of the break. just wait  mcr will make a huge come back and laugh if off. =d
yeah. i let them know. surprisingly it was easy to find creepy pics of bob and gerard. the sig sucks  but gets the point across.
longboard + fat hill + car
dude  you're fucking insane
you know what it really is  i hate texting ever since i f'd up my keyboard so i only tweet from the web really  so i forget :(
can i get a good night  damn!
nope  it's spent already unfortunately. fuck christmas. lol.
i like that song you posted earlier  the one with the ship in the background.  and don't hate on chat  he cant help it lol.
give them info about real christians. the episcopal bishop in nh is openly gay and has been amazing influence on our state.
sorry to be the science nerd  but salt is a generic term that refers to many chemicals. so road salt != ocean salt.
fuck a sunburn. what are you 8? im on some shrimp cocktail and champagne by the pool. get your grown man
damn you and your total lack of winter
i've been up for damn near 40 hrs...i'm trying to go to sleep...
now im lookin' at all the failed stripper pole attempts..damn u juicee...damn u
yeah i hate when people try to tell me what i need to do on my website.
no wonder kevin never replied to my e-mails...damn loser!
exactly! got damn!
haaaaaaaaa  damn jay
i feel you bro i just hate the angus ill i love that southern chicken sandwich try it with mac sauce.
was twitter freak before  now have phone. look out!
i love my big fat greek wedding! it's so hilarious. tonight is a great night for romantic comedies.
oh  i want the page resident on my website.  i might just do a total overhaul.  hate to refer people to separate site.
i was trying to download an older fanboy radio podcast with jim mahfood as the guest but my internet sucks...lol.
mine has been private for the last few days. you want to follow me-go for it. me a lying cunt? whatever.
omg. i'm in baltimore right now and i totally forgot this is where you live!!!!  damn!
i think  pant  is some strange fashion insider word. that's why i hate it- ha ha! &#9786;
i hate missing jumbos.
i saw forest gump once and that was enough. replacing a retard in with an old man does not constitute a new feature.
every time i'm on the computer downstairs.  i hate that thing. i feel like there are retarded monkeys inside pulling switches.
sorry  j we can't afford bad equipment in our work. i'll give good thoughts  maybe put in a good word with the fat man up north
those puppies get heavy. believe me. and clothing is a bitch to fit. cherish your perkiness.
my book  everything sucks  comes out in august w/ hci books. keep an eye out :)
 hate to tell you... there is an arctic storm coming through california. you might want to pack the chicago wardrobe  whaa???!!!
yep  he left with supposed  mercury poisoning . mamet said he apparently  left to become a thermometer . lol. hate piven.
no fucking way!!  &gt;_&lt;  they aren't even an a'capella group!!
don't fuck with a don at this foodsies shit.
damn that was fast woman!! i didn't even finsh my post yet!!
allie spelled it wrong too. tell him i said if he messes with u again i'm fucking him up
ugh we used to hate him. i remember when he said he didn't like me
your all weird. and allie is a drunk army slut!
thanks! chilling out at home kicking ass with friends is better than wearing a suit and tie to dinner.
great post on the gay rights thing do u think it will happen years end?
i hope you kick his ass(the internet) stomp his crotch and smack'em
and add a  tweet this  button to share the trend results... damn  there are dozen of things that have been done here for 2009 :-)
well fuck. you can say that again!
awww feel better! i hate it wen tht happens to me
system updates are always slow on the ps3 i hate them
what up stud! how's that poop on the floor loser? :p
how am i so gay? haha
martin001 make it a miller lite and fire and i'd be game! i hate being cold!
yeah  the christmas special was awesome. i hope every fucking episode isn't going to cocktease a new doctor until tennant is gone.
why'd you say that ron? why? you're my hero. and you say something dirty. poop mouth. i hate you ron burgundy  i hate you! 
gotta ask cait but want to come over for dinner? i'll cook. i'm not blood family but i'd hate for you guys to have a lonely ch ...
fuck her..you're both adults x.x my mom says you're welcome to come here too. eating at 3 - prime rib!
#name?
i want to see the ghost inside!! damn it!!
that guy is a fucking beast!!!!1!!!!1!11!!11!!!! the next neal peart.
resistance sucks  get cod5 or rock band 2 for 360. if you have to get a ps3 game  get mgs4.
jesus fucking christ lmao
so fucking epic http://tinyurl.com/yrqwmz
i hate to say it but i don't really feel up to it right now  and i haven't taken my pills. o.o
hmm well i don't think that she'll hate anyone  its hard to say who she'll like or get along with best though.
ooo.. did your grumpy-face avatar just get a little grumpier? sucks - i do not want to be driving this weekend. will rudy be ready?
i hate robbing banks!
heh  default slut mode? :)
when she lived in an apt she had a chinese neighbor who kept eying the pig. worried about it being someone's dinner so she moved!
yes  i had a guinea pig when i was a kid. cute but not as smart as a potbelly.
the potbelly has a big backyard. my mom wd let my guinea pig run thru the house. she would repair the rug when it got chewed.
c'mon let's hear it. do you know that pig is still alive. they were told it would stay small  it is 160 lbs now. very loved.
fuck yeah ima dancer too!
bitch  its 10:40.
you do have a problem. what did u get bitch?
damn i want to be a jew this year! i want to go to the movies and get chinese noddles
that sucks man. i feel for you
the weather is the same here.  i hate rain when it's cold :(
my age group was courrupted at a young age. damn interwebs. then again  i don't anyone my age irl who is in fandom/reads fanfic.
damn :/ i remember i was always trying to save for a kiko transwhatever its called potion.
omg that sucks. im sorry :(
lmao not as bad as other people :) *cough*  @allieoop95  @brookoverroxx *cough* my mommys :) hehe. are you a twitter whore? :)
ha. i can imagine people stopping! ew and my guinea-pig just pissed on me  goddamn him. stupid obese git!
still afraid of needles?  i just got told i've got to have 12 into my face. fuck illness.
ha  knew it o_o  i've been telling people  no one knows! now i just get weird looks  ah well  fuck them.
get the fuck out of my head. i was just thinking about doing a video to that song yesterday!  we have espn!
thanks hun i made it to cerritos in some alright timing...wow la traffic is a mother of a bitch and im being nice...
damn you l ...damn you...wait how thehell do youhave chocolate eclairs in japan..i bet you cant get jamican beef patties! pooey!
damn l me got the boot...but thank jesus lord no pussy rips for you anytime soon...just more passion fruit and dr scholng
yes!!! its madam pussy x pink....heel girl ...
no miller high life but had a damn good ginger ale!
no it's the 3rd one but damn is it awesome.
aim kills my battery. sucks having a 2 year old sk :(
w/e. still a nerd.
cool  then we can start the one where we videotape me putting my foot up your ass.
omg!!! you're allowed to use this site at school?!? fuck our school gov. man!!! we get nothin!!! school is so mundane......
fuck!!! that sucks arse!!! lol....omg....i just cut my face with my ring!!! ooowwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'ma dumb fuck sometimes....lol.....oh....i knew the memory thing....but i thought the mice was a myth... .........
are you calling me fat? t.t
gahh it sucks...   ):  but hey... closer till the 27th
im sorry bro. fuck that bitch.
that still kinda sucks.
being hermit because i kewl like that! ( kewl  meanin'  loser ) lol jks
lol well 512k is what i'm on right now. sucks even on ethernet =(
i am reading all of the posts you have done recently and i really have to say that i hate you right now...
god damn =/ i remember when i was a pateint gg it sucked so bad i didint get any pain killers dumbasss nurses their omfg...
they always asked me brent   on a scale of 1-10 whats ur pain im like 1 fucking million bitch and they are like  ok no meds =(
lol she said you can have her sweet vag / ass if u pay her lol !
lol im so sorry im just so fucking high atm !
o.o how could i not lol !!! i mean what happened last night when we talked soo much omfg ! it was just fucking amazing
hows the ram? 250  360  360gb's damn dude.i only have 160gb :(
get used to it.  wamu's been fucking me over with my live-check deposits since i opened the account 2 years ago.  5 day  90% hold.
la intalnirile viitoare pentru ca la asta  din pacate  nu am cum sa ajung :(
why do you sleep so damn late? haha
shouldn't you be working instead of fucking around on twitter?
nobody talks to my sister like that! take ur goddamn frive iphrones and get the fuck out!
you are one sick fuck my friend. i think i'm scarred for life.
i know it just sucks edited. even though it is pretty funny hearing what they replace the curses with.
oh that sucks  sorry about that.....at least u can get some work done now
and yea of course thats fine.....and hamels is a bitch..i dont pay attention to any phillies player anyway
lol im a big enough loser as it is...u want me to ice skate (a person with no balance) and look more like a loser? lol
damn... plane crash... ehhh no bueno.
you've seen angry video game nerd on youtube right?
i listen to songs right after i get them.. so i just got these. i hate having anything unlistened. listen. now.
we used to drop big-ass m80 firecrackers into catch basins to eradicate rats.
oh  i agree. the only soup that's a pain in the ass is gumbo :-)
i was gonna say control freak  but i'll work with your definition :-p
awww that sucks i'm sorry!!!
they are a pain in the ass but oh sooo comfy!!! worth the $1000!!!
yea i know right? i was like awww damn!
i hope you dont mean port charlotte. :p this town sucks.
damn son. i just saw the cool and dee joint to. still rocking the mixtape tho. keep that fire coming...
common is rocking them nerd glasses.
i hate when people bike anywhere apart from the sidewalk. i would run you over in an instant!
still warming up from shoveling my long driveway.  damn broken snow blower.   anybody know anybody who repairs them reliably?
what is up with viva la vida having almost all its songs in 2 parts? i hate part 1 of  42  but love the 2nd half!
damn  i want to milton  wish i could be there.  'look homeward  angel  now  and melt with ruth ' i guess.
yeah  i hate crowds  it's worth getting up at the crack of dawn to have peace while shopping..it was quite pleasant:)
that sucks... at least you got a little extra sleep  eh? ;)
damn those pesky pirates
gah. i am twitching to read  the next book but i have to wait until saturday. i'm going crazy. damn you stephanie meyer
yeah sure  you hate it. riiiight. but yeah  i'll take all that stuff and more. kisses  hugs  head massages  bubble baths..
i could kick his ass....
switch bitch is one of my faves...  what came first surrealism or drugs?   (roald dahl)
so do our cops! i got to ride one over break! so bad ass!! :d i want one!
whoops .. too bad i didn't get that tweet cuz i was knocked the fuck out.
lmao! i'm fucking bored. hurry up and get off so you can talk to me and play yoville with me.
about kickin' some canadian ass?
okami is fucking brilliant (i still havent finished it yet  and i'm like  nearly 30 hours in)
wow heather that really sucks  especially someone you have known for so long. hopefully they will get the help they need.
you are not a loser  your a good mom and you speak your mind. sorry your feeling down  feel better.
if it's a regular poem  give him one more chance to fuck up. if it's a poem to you  yeah he and his boy have to go
fuck that i've given up on him. nas is one album a way from being in the same standing with me
and the caps sound like a wild ass demand.
you have a female soulmate? i knew you were ghey  but you're gay too?
this means young kaia will either grow up to be the greatest female beatmaker ever or a rap legend who severely falls the fuck off
nah but i read the spook who sat by the door and im pretty sure someone used clips from that. maybe com on  the bitch in yoo 
the thing that sucks is that if i had applied myself i could have probably ended up somewhere great. like a good college.
i hate the month of january! can we bring back november? better yet  last semester?
as soon as i find a new sitter i am gladly going to tell her to fuck herself. no one's going to say things like that about my baby!
fastest growing daily my ass.. it's like me telling my sister she's the prettiest girl in the world. pretty standard biz 24/7..
fairfax&gt;chesthair alll dayy ( i notice how outnumbered i am on twitter) oh the fuck welll!!
fuck brownies  long live cookies
awww what package? dang that sucks though! i hope its not makeup :(
i can never catch you on blogtv at night. damn time difference!
last year me and my friends spent alot of money there. one of my friends took 300$ with her and spent it all in 1 day. sucks 4 her
what really happened...hate i missed it. bummer!
aw that sucks. i didn't get incomprehensible profs until 3rd year :p
besides fat mike i dunno... does amy winehouse's refusal to go to rehab count? no no no?
kcs got a nice body  but shes insane. taryns got a nice rack  but shes a bitch.
merry fucking christmas.
what the fuck is going on?
that sucks! i only have one test next week and no classes in between that.
 @tine911 seriously! i decide to sleep in n i get rewarded with 26 new txts where 24 r from twitter. i hate u steve n christine.
eww that sucks and sounds strikingly similar to our problems with embarq. their customer service is pretty horrible too.
if 19north's band was an emo band  what would its name be?
i hate being on the outside of inside jokes. =p
i vote for   shawshank redemption . you would hate twilight b/c it has the worst score *ever*. srsly.
yeah i know it sucks  but out of chaos there might be a little bit of order...
hey crts kick ass... i love the viewsonics and some of the sonys
k so you hate me tell me why and then i'll never twitter you again
hey buddy  you've been kicking ass and taking names.  keep up the good work.
i know.. but it sucks the whole family is down and out and i have to work :(  plusthe nanny is out of town.
damn i don't think i'm on the list
actually i thought 'damn she's hot!' when it came out! lol
im in love wit yo ass
a lot of people find my blog by searching for jonas brothers stuff or something with the word slut in their search.
i know i hate that! (re: websites with music and no off switch!)
nice! kicks my 200 cain concepts ass! and i thought i was living large. :)
but for me its not about the calories or the fat  its about the dairy... i'm trying to avoid that. and gluten.
i hate it when that happens!
damn i miss that show already...we got like a 6 month wait...
i was jus on this bitch like 4 hours ago before i was to go to sleep...fucking body clock!
so i hear. that sucks. so everyday fpr 10 hours there is no electricity?
well they say that any attention is better than no attention. thus the whole love/hate dynamic.
i mean  if a relationship ends because you shared your feelings  then maybe it damn well should end.
except when there is a cat being held above my mom and the word gay~ is being used. lol.
omg ikr? beckett~ he'll be like oh god  not them again. fuck and this is a fob show  weird. lol
cause this is week 2 in a row i have no hours. and i need to make money so i can at least make my car payment :/ it sucks.
lol. oh i love it just...i've heard it sucks working there. lol. and ty :] i hope i can get more hours at party city though. ugh
omg im being creepy and saw the shoeless thing  and omg it made me think of dane cook when he's like fuck shoes  im going out
30in is only cool when referencing an apple cinema display &lt;/nerd&gt;
- ergh i hate that! it's happened to me plenty times. d: wear thick socks?
hey thanks.  still can't re-watch it.  i hate myself on video!
actually  that's what your here for  to bitch slap the spammers for me :)
:bashful: no! i am not the greater nerd! lol! j/k. i love sci-fi! sg atlantis is great as well. i have a sgc & sga patch.
i don't even own boots!  damn the torpedos  open-toed shoes full steam ahead!
do i need to email you some browning?  damn the deutsch!
ima roundhouse kick u in ur fiscal policy if u fuck with my ability to print teh moneez  mofo!
 weimer inflation ? what the fuck is that? i'm just printing the hell out of the $$ hoping this plan works.
i have to edit comments all the time - for some really strange reason i get all this hate mail on my blog wtf lolz!!!1!
fuck yeah - you should start printing the $50 bil bernanke bucks too. i could use some help ruining the economy  it's hard work!
i hate to break it to u  homie  but i b the mofo w/ the printing press so uh i think i get to be king and u morons r mah harem
i personally really enjoy watching people look at money. they have no fucking idea how worthless it is  it's hilarious!!! lolz
everything looks fine from where i'm standing  i've got money coming out of my ass! and the printer. same shit.
fuck  @thewhitehouse  you need to come sit on big daddy bernanke's lap and tell me how much money to print for you...
sure borrow all you want  rocky! i'm just going to take it out of your fucking ass via inflation later anyway! woooo!!
lmfao thanks for the follow  yo! i fucking love your twitter name  its like mah mantra n shiiiiit! lolz
i hate that! we are supposed to get about 8  before the sleet comes. they will get at least one day of fluffy stuff!
pants. dammit. i hate pants.
i have to do a list  still. but i got the damn design done  finally. merry exmas!
they sure seem to love you -- damn name droppers.
i usually just randomly pass out throughout the day. sucks when you're in line at the deli -_-'
i like winamp  but video support sucks. i have media player classic installed but don't like it. gom works great for video.
that sucks man. hopefully my apartment survives the break.
i just d/l to see how much i would hate it. i'm quite impressed. however i'm seeing tweets from ppl i'm not followin i think
damn those long islands were good :)
ugh! im gonna head back to dick's sporting goods to check out stuff and might try sports chalet they are running a lot of ads
i missed that run  had my kids that wknd. i hate to admit i've been on the treadmill cuz its cold at 5am my schedule sux! lol
this is the worst: http://tinyurl.com/62m3z7 you'll hate it at first  but it sticks like glue to your brain
don't hate just because you wish you were a twitterholic
oh what a spoil sport. too pussy to go out in the cold to take a video.
let the hate out. own it  show it  then put it away!!!
it's not of anything  you cant copy in art lol  its based on a lot of things  its just my own... and thats why it sucks lol
damn. well its ok. just go saturday to the echoplex. ur going to that right?
my weak camera i hate it. i want one of the high-tech cams. like the one meldcole uses. his pictures always come out on point
i hate that about our people!
he is a twittering madman  right? damn. he's like 70% of my home page and i am following 300+ people lol
nice to meet u and your trilla patent leather 4.5 inch bitch pumps lol
that's what i hated most about meridian. long ass walk to campus. best part? blocks from adams morgan!
bout to cut this bus driver. smug late ass bastard
that is very un-pc you chalky ass nigga lol
who'd you piss off? oh...wait...that's a ridiculous question.
man  they photoshopped the fuck out of summer glau. her boobs have a life of their own & her face looks like a bad glamour shot.
i'm not feeling emo. i'm more in a relentless-bitch kind of a mood tonight.
i've tried giving you treats  wet food  milk. you hate everything-except what you vacuum up off the carpet. stupid cat. *sigh*
damn. i tried to talk peeps into venturing elsewhere  but lameness prevailed. eff you for not being online to talk isht with
i agree. there are a lot of pregnant women and babies being born these days. i love kids  but i'm damn scared of labor!
i hadn't really known a lot about her until i saw this movie http://tinyurl.com/pxw3w . she truly was bad ass.
thanks coke whore!
because you're a coke whore maybe?
damn... u should just stay home and call it a nite!
oh my god.... xd sucks for you talei
yeah yeah. i've seen your dart board with their pictures pinned to it. you hate them as much as i do.
it sucks but at least my car wasn't stolen. right? haha. just trying to be optimistic here.
it may even suck ass.
just because of a dang song. over it now but damn. maybe listening to random music while getting ready isn't good/ :o
i dunno  i hate it though.  someone at work gave me a bottle and i was like =x thanks....
i've made myself achingly sore playing mario anything on the wii. lol love that  game. rainbow road is a bitch. :d
i like shopping  i hate lines. my therapist asked me recently  when you get sad: do you go on travel shopping sex sprees? yes!
been there done that  it really sucks. one of them isn't happy. i know i wasn't .
dude  i've given up. after a girl who didn't want kids getting pissed at me when i got pissed at a pregnancy scare. fuck 'em.
he doesnt know i know hes gay or bi or w.e. hes soooo high
its not just that corinne is a bitch  she's proud of herself being a bitch and happy that people boo her - what a psycho
no caffiene would kick my ass too - i'm addicted to my dew
now i'm hungry.  damn you people and your midnight snack tweets!
i've taken one also. people just piss me off more & more recently
that  too! or even being able to park pulling in forward rather than backwards--i hate when the car behind me pulls up and blocks!
do you believe that god has a gender?
favourite movie of all time?
eyes :p
none
probably
folded.
ilyke dat
randomly yes :)
yes i have a best friend lol =]
a sunrise in hot pink orange yellows and blues with a black tree across the skyline and hints of purple. its pretty sweet but it changes weekly usually :)
love ?
if you had one day to live  what would you spend that day doing?
yes :)
nope. i know a little thai and some spanish. haha go figure.im seriously the whitest korean chick you'd ever meet :]
idk i think it swings both ways pretty strongly. the human race is never satisfied and i believe that both sexes have the tendencey to cheat. at all ages and for all reasons.
timmy. he held me down and tickled me
im not the one who called you a whore either haha. i play soccer and run track and did dance for eight years and did gymnastics
what would a chair look like if your knees bent the other way?
formspringg haha noo..my boyfriend. were always out staying busy.
would you rather be rich or famous?
crude?
haha youu need a phone !(:
you should ask her if shes still &quot;feelin it&quot; so you know for sure
r has anybody ever told you that &quot;you could do so much better&quot; about a person?
love them> i love cheese.
i am ashlee duh
i don't know tabitha in person): but idc  i know deep down in my heart i'll love her for her <3
haha hey
how often do you think about touching other people's private parts?(be honest)
hahahahahahaah thanks spency :ddddd <3 you
ehh maybe.
who are u?
have you ever slept with an object in your hand &amp; woken up &amp; its still there? happened to me :))
uhh i thought this was for questions sooooo heres a question i guess.haha icecream or brownies for the rest of your life? (only 1)
do you love twilight as much as this? i bet this will be your new homepage. http://mytwilightsearch.com
hmmm idk if i completely understand the question..
for suree boo hit me up tonight ! sikeee!<3
hmmm probably buy a few things for me and one of my besties :d
do you like broccoli?
what sitcom character reminds you of you?
i like them. how'd you know?
yup yup. same grade as you too.
who is the love of your life?
b3(kyy
i wouldnt doubt it lol
cuz they can be deep sleepers haha
food. :) hahaha
dane cook
are one handed people offended when police tell them to put their hands up?
do you have any nicknames? if so what are they?
would you rather have a third leg or a third arm?
who d you like
name one household chore you would never want to do again
because your supposed to look up and be aware something is going to potentially hit you in the head..therefore i do look up just quickly and aware!! you should do the same. think about it! :)
everyone would learn true kindness.
a dino
what is the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning?
i dont do chocolate much
what's your favorite place to go in the town you live?
hot but sometimes i like cold. depends on the mood i guess
are you due sometime this year for a doctor's visit?
tell them. haha
yuh d0n+ l!k3 m3?
nope not yet :)
still a student??
yes. i do walks all the time
comedy
apple store!(; need a mac pro!
whats your favourite number?
i love youu chica!<33
mhm ohkay so watz up
vv ouch </3 to me  hey i'm going to sleep.  please ignore my texts. and tonight don't call. talk to you tomorrow...i guess
why yew got suspended
are you a friendly person?
do you believe in luck?
ummm..im not  a quitter.
do you no about the muffen man??r
what are your symptoms when you have fallen for someone?
besides english what other languages can you speak?
i miss you so much i just hate how i made you not like me but its my own fault im sorry i just had to say that
when did you ever hear that? haha.i dont even talk to matt.
korean american i guess. but im the whitest asian chick youd ever talk to :) ha
alexis sister<3(:
have you kissed more than ten people this year?
yes.
what do you think about mothers who smoke pot while they are pregnant?
i dont hold them enough i think..
does it matter
nope. i love tomatoes!
how come there's a girl that has your pics? and she put up proof long time ago. in myyearbook.com
hmmm i dont have one right off hand?
adidas.
what's the best thing about your boyfriend?
im his wife :)
do you have a tattoo  where is it located and what does it stand for?
i love you too iseeya(3
what kind of experience are you talking about? and pretty with no experience i guess?
5 favorite things to eat
guess! haha no its the brand name.
why yess i do.
they've been good :)
hahaha of c
what does it take to make you smile ?
new york or paris?
yea lol all the time
how many drugs have you done in the past three days?
be truly kind to one another.
:) hahah thanksss
if a cannible was on death row could he ask for the last guy that was electricuted for his last meal?
ooo oooo thozz tha sounds u gunnna be makinn ;]]]
ummm. well it'd prolly be for some weird fetish smelling creep so no. just cause. its weird.
what does lol mean?
my heart be broken.
what do you want to see happen before you die?
purple. always
:) aww!! yeahh she is my best friend * raphaela * haha. she is german so i guess thts why! lmao <3
michael jackson! haha wait wrong one  michael jordon i meant ahah
i didnt know there was an old zealand.
yyyessss>:))) way to think outside the cheesecake:d wooo goods cuz icecream is the beseeest!!!!  specially with cohoclate syrup aaaaaanndgummy bears woooo:d
you can choose your method of dying and the place in which you will die. where would you like to die and how?
lololol
hello:)
and then prue &amp; phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back &amp; i had to run but some boy saved me lol #random
lol idid
i will be gone for a couple of days.  i'm moving tomorrow.  the internet is going to be hooked this weekend. so  i shall return in a few days.  if you want to be taken off the list  please send a message in my inbox. have a good weekend!  =)
o h i o :]
do you shower in the morning or at night before bed?
yes haha im not gayy silly (:
i never wear a watch. i dont like time.
if you could fix one thing about your life what would it be?
where was the last place you visited for days?
play boiiiii lol jk i dunno? hah
do you believe that everything happens for a reason?
hmm..not too long i would think..especially if it was bad.
what do you do all day?
when was the last pity party you held for yourself?
what are your day dreams about?
i'm a blunt and funny dancing alien that doesn't care what anyone thinks and loves to have fun. ;]
hmm..popcicles. i dont eat much when its really hot outside.
timmy. wanna. peanut.
do you know how to speak korean?
maybe...why?
thanks alot hahaha
what&apos;s your favorite flavored pringles?
watz ya name lol
ye
have you ever been turnt up?
can you draw pictures well?
i can be both at times. i usually talk to no end. but theres always a time and a place to be social or to jjust be quite.
what's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
do you believe in fate?
mac and cheese
jet.
what's your fave song?
when im telling someone how i feel is so damn tough.
what was the most recent movie that made you cry?
nope
say your still driving at night and you see a woman on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?
favorite food
do you say i love you to your friends all the time?:
dude nishana told me she has a crush on you.
do you ever wish that you could somehow go back in time? and for what reasons  if you dont mind me asking anyway.
good john john(:
on here? like maybe 15 people or a lil more lol
what's the best place near you to get a drink?
y a y!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im so happy that you are going to north :dddd your going to like it wayyy more than king  i promisee!!!!! =]]] i love you <3333
depends on the restaurants policies
miley's a hoochie! bieber all thee way ghurl!!or boy!<33
can you do push ups?
yes. i always cry when i get mad. its dumb sometimes lol because people think i'm sad and im sooo not :]
oh thats wht i think too! dnt be sorry hahaha! silly goose
ohh i definantly sit down and talk to him. seems that he'd be a pretty interesting zombie. haha
how often do you download songs you hear in commercials?
i dont want to  sorry dont take it personal.r but i will answer stuff on formspring.
can you drive a manual shift vehicle?
are you double jointed?
i dont think so
do you like spongebob
sour krawt. i hate that stuff for some reason.
cute default.
what bothers you the most about society?
idnt even kno who da hell they are
none! haha
not really. traits of people that i hate? most definantly.
where is your biological mother right now?
do you sing in the car?
umm short stack 16-04-2010 <3
nope.
is there one person that can always make you smile?
perv or shy?
hottest guy you have ever seen in real life?
share it :) help my parents out. my dad works like a dog and i feel like he tries hardest and barely gets anywhere..and my sister and brothers.
when you drop your phone  do you get scared it broke? i do >.<
what do you think is your most attractive feature?
if you had to choose between a millions bucks and being able to fly  which would you choose?
hahahahahhaahha :) love you to.
do you and timmy have a ki pass? :d
serious? your so lucky
yea :)
surprise parties u2013 yes  or no? why or why not?
-hellz yeahh(: of course i'm qoinqq i wannah b with you quy's  like duhh<3
what was your longest relationship
who's the funniest person you know?
who do you hate the most?
happy?
do you put cheese on your spaghetti?
vans  pants  and a shirt haha
nope  has anyone?
eminem anything! he's whole entire cd willl  be out on th
look below. i wrote an entire book about how he's the best :] haha
what kind of phone do you want?
!f !  @cc3pt wut yuh qon3 duuuu f @ mii
every one in da book
you got a myspace
would you rather lose your memory or your vision?
why do people say &quot;be yourself&quot; then they dislike people for being themselves?
chest and arms haha
me and xentury discussed this. if you just got out of a house with a killer and you turn around to see a kid still stuck in the house  do you go back?
how crude people are. all people.
do you de-label your beer bottles?
i would so travel thee world  visit my overseas besties then shop everywhere!<3
ay u single ma?
what will make you nervous faster than anything?
do you get cold sores often?:
how did your parents ever explain to you how babies were made? did they give the bees &amp; flowers speech or said the whole truth?
what are 3 things that you consider humanely impossible and never being exploited successfully?  or is anything possible? explain.
nope.
dogs.
yes
if i had my legs amputated  would i have to change my height and weight on my driver&apos;s license?
worse? that there isn't.
hmm. how to cut people in half. hahahha
any living grandparents ??
have babies :) hahah that is pretty crazy.
what would you do if you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming?
what is your favorite kind of potato chip?
idk but thats a good question. i always wonder the same thing. and why the parents allow them to be in it in the first place?
name the clothing store you shop at the most?
are you more of a talker or more of a listener?
have you ever been bitten by a dog?
:) omg thanks! :d
no i didn't actually
nahhh
do any of your friends have children?
do you think famous people have the right to have a private life?
haha okay. i think its funny i dont care.
no other than the most recent question about if i start conversations with ppl i just met. lol weird you ask. whyy?
my best friend is married to a guy that has a little 2 year old girl
when did you last receive a text message?
he's like a curse r he's like a drug r you'll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he's holdin you down r r sing it babe!!! :)
last event you dressed up for?
ostratrich
justin bieber or channing tatum! haha yumm!
nahhh
do chinese people get english sayings tattooed on their bodies?
you should ignore all those comments people send to you. everyone knows you don't fake yourself  and they just want to be like you. you're very pretty  and i know i'm jealous of my cousin :]
do you have a garden?
how would you describe your style?
do you scream on rollercoasters?
dry erase.
do you likee chicks?
are you a filipina??or a foreigner??
are you able to act like yourself around other people with your girlfriend
timmeh?
do humming birds hum because they dont know the words
yo yo yo whaaa chuuu doooinnn guuurrrrrrlllll?????????
dont have one
hahahah  i love your bio (; oh oh oh question.. why can't people spell?! vv (:
is someone on your mind right now?
why do they put crutons in an air tight sealed bag? they are just pieces of stale bread to begin with  right?
i loveeeee my chocolate man ;) lmao <3
what would you do if you found the wallet of your next-door neighbor who you hated?
were you ever physically abused?:
yes.
people keep talking about me on your page :/
night 4shuree!!
my fav song girly!!! is umm.. up &amp; running by  @jessicajarrell atm! but i have lots :) hbu!?
do you have a tan?
current worry?
ummmm  people tell me i am. but i dont really show alot of people my stuff.
julia roberts.
possibly
okay
help a lot of people in need.
would you ever consider dateing a girl?
favorite daytime talk show host?
because they dont care
once.
nahh
why isnt there a mouse flavoured cat food?
being able to fly!!!!!!!!!!! :] but it would have to be all the time hahahha
lol wow...it dnt mata wat ya guna do for mi??
iloveeyou(:
panama city  fl.
(: ahaha hii ceara..
he is really cute.
my bestest.
what's the longest you've ever gone without a bath or shower?
paris hilton
could you ever shoot someone if they were trying to kill you?
nicoooo! :) okay...welllllll bye :)
repeat question
hi:) how are u haha.
hahhahaha
the reject shop....lol joking ummmm supre possibly i dont no. lol
yes i suppose.
if the professor on giligan&apos;s island can make a radio out of coconut  why can&apos;t he fix a hole in a boat?
well i know who this is..
hmmm...my first
i like yur bg
thats funny. nothing yet. but im hungry now that you mention it :]
dui.
who is this?
are you eating anything right now?
yeah!!! i don't understand why people don't tell others about that kind of stuff??!?!? it drives me crazy. everyone would want someone to tell them if it were happening to them!!
what's something you'd change about urself?
snobby small minded people live everywhere ... you can be that way .. i can be that way ... its not just in texas ... soo yeahhh
tv.....u can watch stuff thats been on tv on the computer :d
ashlee 13 florida 7th
i guesss so. ha
jansport :)
:[ computers are dumb sometimes. and yup you too! i had like 110 because of you :] well and cause i didnt get on all weekend..haha
have too! :) it makes it so much more fun.
you never called me.
yes again. for not coming back to class. haha
do you lie alot?
where would you bury hidden treasure if you had some?
a tonn :] i don't think my bf can hug me enough sometimes
yes.
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
is there anything weird that you do?
yes very much lol =]
if u won 30 millon what would u do firstr
yu tld me lmfao lykk yestadayy
hippi van
not at all
okay thankyou  your a great help.
i am going to go to bed now. i still ahve alot of stuff on my mind. ehhh... well have a good/day. <3 leave me things.
can we be in two places at once?
yea my sister
what movie do you know every line to?
what's your thoughts on fighting?
do the makers of friendster uses facebook? =)
1995 haha when i was bornwas my year! doh!i didnt have 2 do anything on my own haha
robin in batman. i thought robin was the best and thought he should be the star!! hahah and my favorite power was..? hmm..well i guess spidermans powers. he is sick. haha
have you ever been on itellyouthat.com? go there and tell something to the world :d
would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?
would you ever want to be famous? why or why not?
would you like to go to space?
have you ever ridden in a taxi?
lookkk meahh upp! (: alexis nicole hodnett<3
no. im with my first and am gladly in love with him-r hard to get is always better! :)
how many suitcases do you own?
is it dina?
******************meowww*************************
large
blah
short stack lol lots of ppl are asking questions about them 4 me lol =]
why haven't i had any dinner yet?
not too often  once a year perhaps but it hits hard when i do get sick.
chicken or hamburgers?
who's the coolest person you know?
during a game? i think maybe during heads up seven up. haha i used to watch peoples shoes.
the type of tomato used :p
no no no! i love youuu moreee<333 ;d haha!!
uranus. hahahahhahahahha i crack myself up. pluto definantly :] its the only one thats been a planet and moon at the same time! thats soo me :]
i would probably try about 2050965967 ways to stop it. ninja to protest. and i would be disapointed in whoever didnt try.
what if i want to ask you something inappropriate? ;)
reow!!!!!!!
not really
when was the last time you went to the circus?
naw imean foreal
if you people really still think that tabi's fake  go look at her dang myspace. -.-
helping someone without them knowing who did it.
yes.
ur butiful babe i just wish i waz urz.
do you have any fun summer plans?
ooo i guess you're too quick for me ;)
have you ever texted and drove? do you talk on your phone and drive? do you eat and drive?
do you own a pair of dice?
tabi i feel so bad about these bitchy girls who keep on saying shit to you on here  if they even knew you they would no you are the most moddest girl i have ever met.
ahhh! i love em both but i would go for justin bieber!!! well because i'm older. but i perfer them both!
haha so many people are hating on your formspring.
lol [: your a funny kidd you know that? [;
what others do you have?
synonym book :p
sometimes when theyre trying to be gangsta or ignorant
a house :]
waldo. and helga. nahh jk  guys-lucas casey mclaine gabe jack dakota s. jake nathan girls- maddie cassie nicky
do you want to get married?
what holiday is closest to your birthday?
do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed?
yes.
for shizz lady. :]
not that im aware
fist fight?? no. im a lover not a fighter. ha
do you think we are raising the next generation right?
yeah  i met them at their show :) got a free shirt too.
what do you do to help the environment ?
do you lyke gurlz?
idk. i dont get them. and yes you get them from kissing. saliva or other juices transferring from another person with the infection. they are herpes!!
thanksssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
what would you do if somehow you caught a std?
yes i have before. many a times :p ha
are you passionate about your beliefs?
who?
do you like shaun diviney?
ummm mrh? nope lol
love them :]
i got it lol i dont like it so far.................. :/
hell no!
do you have a bf??
do you eat a lot?:
lol idk thoo kim has a better body buhht ugh geez idk (x
have you done something bad today?
i like too many songs to have a favorite
how do you express your anger?
nope ;/ bhut not having a bf doesnt mean the world ends;] i guess im waiting 4 the 1  ya kno? hbu mamas?!
hey you're an amazing nice and sweet girl..pretty too!
nope:[ i wish  bhut hey i might someday rite haha..hbu?!
what do you think of spiderman without tobey?
swedish fish &amp;&amp; reeeeses. yum
yes. karma? :) its always there. so be nice!
good . hungry actually :)
within a week or two. depends on what they say happened.
if given the chance would you like to come back as a ghost?
in a graveyard. muuuuahhhahaha
ahhh true.. true... plus it plays music xd
is there anything that can make you sick just by smelling it?
yup yup
what music are you listening to today?
yes my camera i have now
if a kid refuses to sleep during nap time  are they guilty of resisting a rest?
yeah i made my first one. and forgot the password to it!!!!! haha so i had to make a new one. it sucked but at least it was farely new to me. teaachgee is the right one!! :)
a couple. i really only like beer haha :p and not hard liqour
something you regretted after it was done?
do you ever go bird watching?
if the universe is everything  and scientists say that the universe is expanding  what do you think it is expanding into?
what nashionality are you?
nahh
yeah its really hard to when i get this shit like every ither day like it seriously pisses me off now  if it was like yesturday i wouldnt give 2 fucks but with everything im going thru right now its like wtf.
actually i was that kid who wanted to be by herself so i guess when i grow up im going to be me lol! hard question 2 answer.
somet
i don't mind household chores actually. but i guess i'd say dusting. i don't enjoy that :/ ha
are there any people on youtube that you subscribe too and always watch their vids?
so are you talking to shira or frances? its hard to keep up  playa playaa lol.
okaydokay.
what is your zodiac sign?
sometimes.
yeah
lmfao wtf yew tell mi
not really . i like meeting new people
why do i cause so much drama? :(
alexisnicolehodnett is my besttestt frann<3(: iloveyouu lexiflagss(:
last snow season
don't you hate it when people lie to you about coming over?
boiled eggs :d hahaha
lol gurl ikan do anythang
complete silence and all darkness.
2 :)
do you like justin bieber
lol im telling yew
have you told your partner about all of your past relationships?
kkkkk
church camp once. it was fun but we got kicked out.
do you consider yourself a good dancer?
thank you <3
the beast.
have you ever lost something really important and spent hours looking for it?
how have your past couple days been?
yes
: )
anyone or someone particular?
yes. its weird sometimes. but dreams are weird. haha
im not a fucking prostitute lol. i dont want your money. maybe if you tell me who you might be ill let you know the answer ;]
spontaeity. hahaha even though i wish i could say stability.
annoyed lol
yes
what would you do if you had a child that was a killer?
if someone would give me money to do it
what was your fav show as a child?
iilooveeyouu&amp;&amp;miss you alexiss.!!
if you had access to a time machine  where and when would be the first place you travel to?
idk i dont do starbucks
if i had to choose. one ear because i wouldn't have to loose all my hearing and noone would see the defect of losing a part of my body. i would cover it with my hair.
mmmhm!
haha i know i tried to make it really obvious for youu lol [[:
would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?
nahh i'm a normal bitch :p / i love you too&amp; ehh i give upp!
yes and it got all swollen and red and blahhh lol
if you really wanna talk to me  you text me? like for real don't be playing this game  just come out and say the fuck you are cause it's getting annoying.
hmmm. he's an ?
describe your first real date?
what is your motto?
as friends...but nothing more than that  she doesn't like me like that
not at the moment haha. to be honest im current under quite a bit of stress
how tall are you
lol nigga you think u can rap?
can crop circles be square?
hmm..depended on how much and where i was at the time. but if it happened now and where im at in my life currently  i would buy a used car for my bf and then pay the rest of rent off for the year. hahaha
yes but i dont like to. i have this crazy fear of thinking if i just do it one more time my eyes will be stuck like that and i should lf just been satisfied with knowing i did it the last time. hahaha im a weirdo. but ya never know' ya know?!!
idk. people have nothing else to concern themselves with other than what they can pick apart from other people. its a way to take attention off of their own flaws i believe.
can you sometimes finish someone else's sentence?
lols wow how wass ur easter.?
i know  right? ;))
lol. funny shit huh(:
yes. i sure hope so. i feel like it works my brain and makes me think!! :)
what are you most excited about right now?
which mall bih
hahahahahaahahahahahahhhahaha r why does everyone think that?
hmmm fruit!! :) any kind of fruit.
okay  cool.
when can you drive?(:
ever since jordin albertsons like deleted her formspring or something  all the mean comments have stopped haha
but i say i'll be back gotta get some more coronas!!!! bahaha jk my favorite drink is dr. pepper :d
where is old zealand?
being lied to
why
are you stubborn?
emotionally detached? yes. society is cold.
i do bird watch actually
ummmm all i do in the bathroom is shower o.o i like my showers.
do u masterbate?
can you see my halo?
what do you think of adrianne torres :]
when was the last time you yelled?
have you ever been ice skating?
yupz iparty all nite nd day
do i know you?
hmm this one's a stumper.....r i guess i would change it to  sunshine. i like that. haha
what's your favorite music video?
if i wrote you a love note and made you smile with every word i wrote what would you do?
money does not grow on trees then why do banks have branches?
first.
heyyy lexxxi(: yuu wannnaa llikkkee asskk meeh somee quesstionss onn myy formspringggg herrree??
have you ever been rude to someone without even realizing it?
can you skip rocks?
sup? :]
love it but i don't it too much currently
hi:d
have you been out of counrty if so where?
if you were given the chance to take care of a monkey for a weekend  would you?
show your face.
<3
don't listen to the haters  you are pretty!
hmmmm
*rawr*?
what do you dread doing but have to do it?
its sunny now. summers ahead of us.
do you go to poly?
haha i think that would be impossible
hehe :}
how often do you get the hiccups?
umm... dallas texas! haha idk im so plain so idk! mwhaha
uhm. actor(: they get paied more haha
thanks for the memo  if you would reveal your identity we could continue this conversation in depth :)
well u say any language.. so.. coba tebak ini bahasa apa.. kamu ngerti ngga aku ngomong apa? ;)
love. its the kryptonite to anything you think you can accomplish without it. its the human kinds weakness to other beings. always.
formspring says oops! cant find you...sorry. i would. is your url correct??? :/
:) hey thankyou! :d
jordin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! rudeo did you say the other mean things to?
thanks... who is yew???
do you guys like robot chicken? i do;) asked
tabi  text me?
lil wayne
mahalo(:
love pizza?r what toppings you prefer?
guesss who ;)
what is one thing you honestly could not live without?
i want you to grasp my big peach white nipples &amp; never let go.
what's the funnest place you have ever traveled?
tell me about something you&apos;ve achieved?
hehe yup  it's awesome  but the pronunciation is incredibly haaard :d
do you think you could defend yourself if need be?
hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahaahahhahaahhahahaahahahaaaaaa!!!!!!!!
rain doesn't bother me at all other than when im dressed up and have to be somewhere important. rain is important.
something cute and me!! haha you kno? well a beamer is my dream car basically! or a porshe!
would you be willing to become extremely ugly physically if it meant you would live for 1 000 years at any physical age you chose?
trick of the mind and the eye.
idk cause it has a great beat. jim cracks corn and i dont care  jimmy cracks corn and i dont care... hahaha
torment isn't much my style.
do you get nervous when alot of people look at you?
and i add u again later
i think u and jack should date!!!:)
lmao   wantt me to rub itt ?!(:
he shaves.
go back to sleep! hahaha
whos your favoroute band?r a: its short stack omg!!!r is it really?r yes!!! no really tell me?
do you like to clean?
look to your right.. tell me the first thing you see
how old are u ???
nooo unfortunately.
why do people get smart attitudes for no reason?
lmao rite chea boo hehe
have you ever been beaten up?
its all in your head. soo i'll say  love.
do bald men wash their head with soap or shampoo?
nope
who do you like?
good change definantly. and it was me and timothy getting together that really did it. straightened me out :) and him :]
idk if i am really
well today it was formspring but usually facebook
look around see if anyone is there  but if im the last one there..pocket it :) haha
reow................
where would you be able to spend hours and be happy?
do you like lady gaga?
does it bother you when people curse at you?
ariel. definantly.
hehe. exactly ;)
listen to music  feed my newwest fishy :] and cuddle with my boyfriend. unless im not happy with him and then  i go hang with my family. they always make me happy hahhaha
do you have any phobias? if so  what are they?
omfg!!! nooo wayyyy!!! ughhh broookkkeeeee omfg!!! im soo srry lmao lots of pplz r frmh zew zealand! lmao i fukkinnn luvv yuhhhh hahaha!
do you cuss alot?
does the postman deliver his own mail?
yep
do you think its possible for a human to sleep with there eyes open?
good question:]
vampire weekend!
hi (:
how has 2010 been for you
like a week. hahahaha
idgaf
what is your goal this year?
how many friends do you have on facebook?
do you wish you were more fit?
what kind of mood are you in?
hmmm....u makin me hungry first of all! &amp;&amp; dairy queen! yumm!!
any of them haha
timothy. april. mother. chelsea s. &amp; you.r loyal. funny. stressful. partier  &amp; intersting.
heyyy abrilll(:!!! iloveyhuuu<3 muchooo!!
apple
nope tabitha jai locascio idk who she is but she is a fake. :/ i use to live in idaho but i moved to texas
yes ma'am :] thank you lady.
what's ur favorite type a cheeeeeeeese?
do you watch the gilmore girls?
if you found a suitcase full of $1 000 000  what would you do?
if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?
anger and greed.
hahahaha yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh member when i was makin cup cakes and he like would text me and be like hey its day and im like hi and we would talk for a min then all asudden it was you and id be like wtf in my mind
haha my brother does! i think its funny
would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
ive achieved alot but recently is surviving my first year of college :d
would you fuck shaun diviney? answer honestly!
diz grul name kiya y?
nope
what movie has the best soundtrack?
nahh i hadn't been on in a while. your good
lol ya nigka
i'll txt it too yhu ahah(:
i wish. hhhhhighhhhyeaaaahhhh!
cookies!!!
no
what is your most embarrasing moment?
yes. and do the fourleaf clover thing :)
are you a good painter?
yes.
formspring. by far :]
hahaha hmmm im not surreee
hmm i havent seen anything crazy lately. its been more like uhhhh bed. sleep. sick. sleep more. haha
bfg.
hell yea ikan wham ta da left nd ta da rite bih ibe duining it all nite
have you ever asked someone out on a date?
no
- marryyyyy!!!!??/ lol! itss yuhh boo!!! hahaha noo durr suckkaaa!!! nahhh i loveee yuhhhh moooee!!!
tell me this bra why is you so awsomeeeeeee?? you is the best love youu
have you ever eaten a crayon?
hahaha... i dont sing!! lol! so srry! im horrible. btw i dedicate &quot;smile&quot; 2 yuh! its playing!!
well
arent u guys going out?
somewhere in my own land  living off of what i can do and grow and live. be self sustainable and not apart of society.
whos the best person to talk to online?:
spam me   ill return the favor : )
i love you to  and i no your not stalking me  i was kidding. but its only one person. and yeahhh
how long have you had formspring for?
grippos :) they are the bomb diggiety.
yeah i would say so.
ehhh i guess spiderman
i love you :( but i think you don't care about me anymore.
kaylas house..................oh yer i went there lol jks...ily kayla:) lol.
iwill
are you picky about spelling and grammar?
whos a brunette but acts like a blonde all the tyme(:?
call you? why would i call you? huuuh? ohky ill give you a hint...16.04.10 where is you green dildo ;)
i have all my questions do you guys have them??
does smoking bother you?
hello to you to :)
if you could change one thing about the world  regardless of guilt or politics  what would you do?
if you could have anyone locked in a room so that you could torment them for a day  whom would you choose  and how would you torment them?
for money not to be the root of all evil and the rule of most of humanity. i hate money.
you have a beautiful smile and a great set!
haha jk i love you tabi(: (i tried to scare you) hahahhaa.
well   i guess i love youu too whore(:
tabitha jai locascio i love you sooo much <3
do you excercise regularly? if so  how often?
best lil wayne song?
haha yeah okay. sounds good :] sleep well.
if i could fly  i would've gone to __________.
what rights should the father have if his unmarried girlfriend wants an abortion?
do you own anything that involves with betty boop?
is &quot;vice-versa&quot; to a dyslexic just plain redundant?
does fuzzy logic tickle?
the way its spelled. sure.
irresponsible. your correct. i think theres  a time to party and a time to grow and and realize that your an adult now. its time for the party to be over!
what flavor of kool aid was your favorite?
do you live in china?
would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?
what would be your course if your current course didn't exist?
yes
ew no
hahahaha hmmmm thats sorta hard to choose. i dont listen to them very much.
no and yes :] wanna read it though!
what color leaf would you like to be?
yeah . i won a car!
yes actually. my yearly female doc's visit. this tuesday.. haha
hahahahhaahhaha:d ikrr im a slow american wht more can i say lmfaoo!! hahaha <333 aww! hahaha
if you could change your name to anything you want  what would you call yourself?
vanilla.
beetles taste like apples. do you still like apples?
would you actually want to live forever?
do you consider yourself an animal lover?
i honestly think we wake up before opening our eyes. we go thru a rem cycle in our sleep
look like dat girl off of thats so raven
lost in the bed sheets yo
do you like bodtf?
what's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
who has made you happy
i aqree completely aboutt hello kitty !
8th grade. friday night football game with the first guy i ever liked. haha
papapapapa shore do :] haha r i like any thing i can do the robot to haha
what was the most awkward situation in your life?
your home alone  you hear someone trying to break in  what do you do?
if your eyes reflected everything you have ever don  would you look people in the eyes?
not to my knowledge.
what youtube video made you laugh recently?
okayy
there is no perfect lol but i suppose with a funny guy-polite  random and spontaneous  maybe a night out at a 70's club and dress up go to dinner before. haha that'd be fun!! :)
when there is none left :p
do you get along with argumentative people?
i just moved!! to my own apartment. so only one for me. haha but the building has 3.
not bad haha:] ive had to take 2 minute showers before. ugh those are a challenge haha
i never thought i would be friends with ________.
favorite color?
name the most terrifying moment of your life so far.
nice :)
do you crack your knuckles?
uhhhhh!!!! omg! taquisha? lol!
how long have you gone with out bathing?
italian  french  or better at sign language
oh gosh. bavarian creme. not whipped. creme! and the kind with the chocolate icing on top. i love those things.
and why are you trying to give me advice.?
what was the best job you've ever had?
if you could ask george w. bush one question what would it be?
ya nd lmao o wow ohkay..so watz ya myspace
me. haha
would you be able to make it through basic training for the military?
:d awhh hahaha thanlyou
what colour are you nails right now?
maybe ?
whats your favorite holiday?
success.
they can be annoying
y0 d!(k w0obbl3 !n y0ur p @n+$ ?
willow. come lay under me children :] over a lake or something. that'd be rad sweet :]
i have no clue
nope. i dont do that. lol too expensive. i have other thing i could put that money toward.
do you like blue cheese?
best memory with your friends (place  when  what you did)
texas is the best state(: everything is bigger and better in texas!!! bahah
hmm..depends on if my toes are cutesied up and the outfit ;] but usually sneakers
current worry?
nooo. id find it interesting to be honest.
you'r
idk. my parents are  okay let me restart..my mother is relentless. my dad knows me quite well actually. my mother just doesn't like the thought of me having a mind and using it. ha. its annoying but hey  its not like we can choose our parents.
mmm... root beer! haha my fav drink eva! pow
have you ever gotten fired from a job?
how do you pass time while traveling in the car for a long amount of time?
duh im da freak of da town
what were you in middle school?(emo/prep/jock etc?) ya know. lol
i am off for the night. i have to try to get some sleep. leave me things? thank you! <3
heart
who was the best teacher you've ever had?
what was the worst place you've traveled to?
who and when was your first kiss?
what is your favourite ride at an amusement park?
hahaha wht are u tlkn bout girl!
it bounces off the immovable object  :p
ahaha!!! yess of course aint dat rite  @truace ?!?! haha he so awesome tho! bck off lol jk
not that i can think of
what was the happiest moment in your life?
what word describes you best?
you text mee
if you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so you never had to do it again  what would it be?
what's your favorite tv show?
kfc mashed potatoe bowl :)
its not.
if you could be invited to one person's birthday party  whose would it be?
it's totally fine  don't worry about it :))
high heels :]
happiness. always.
smile. ethnicity. eyes. in that order the most. and my least favorite feature would be my height  but only because forever i wanted to be a model and in america you have to be likeee 7' anorexic giraffe. hahhaa
who wrote that please reply lol
do certain peoples lives have certain worth to you? such as a prostiture  a killers...ect.
i wish i did.
:d thank you gurl/boy ? i really appreciate it!<33
do you wanna be my bestfriend? (last question) spam back if you wanna lates!!!
favorite song
favorite sesame street character?
nope. :)
then report cheyenne if your the real deal!!!! vvv btw your cute jbatman (;
cheetos!!! soo cheeseyyy :)
would you ever have a long distance relationship?
wtf ? v
who pays your phone bill? :]
are you the person you want to be?
i dont believe so. only that i would help more than i do now.
and why is that?
haha ok it'll be our secret
(:
no lol. ive collected stickers but not the ones on the fruit lol
joie is beautifulllll. :)
i still think your hot
ohhkayy! first offf i was playin  i mean he is a really nice person dnt kno him like all that! bhut u should ask him!
what does it take for you to argue with someone?
no...
if you were a worm  how long would you be?
most of the time
spam 4 spam?
i can play a little guitar and learning the violin
lol how
why is there so much hate on fs?
what is the oddest place you have been with out a shirt on?
haha yeah probably.
so how ya ben???
umm im not sure lol i will check my music if i have none of there songs they are lol and............ i have none lol so theres ur answer ha. who wrote this? =]
because it is fucking awesome :d
are you anonymous?
coronas! <3 so beer would be the answer :d
if parents say  &quot;never take candy from strangers&quot; then why do we celebrate halloween?
bad! the world without bees would mean we would die out in about 5 yrs..thats really bad! :(r save the bees!
since some of you want me to spam them ill spam 10 qs ok if you dont want them ill unfollow you but hit me up quick!!! :))
depends on the question really but both :)
i lovee youu<33
probably my last week in idaho  i had alot of fun
hahaha i dont know it. i think i need to research some of the carrie underwood songs before i go lol
what's your song of the day?
what fascinates you?
lol youu already knoow(;
well..currently its 6:54 am. my love just left for work and im on formspring answering my 38 questions. thank you. haha sup with you? :]
i hope youur telling me a lyric to a songg ;d lmao .
is you? beautiful!! ;d http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=v1og5
n!gg @ yuh k!nd @ got dat lil wayne thang go!n 0n
idk haha
spring(:
yes it is :]
alien brains. go figure haha
what can you smell right now?
yew neva seen mi dik nd lol thankz
whwhwhwhoa just slow down. huh!? what do you mean they blew up the death star? f*****ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! whos they? what the hell is an aluminum falcon
what's a subject you wish you knew more about?
im sure. people find anyting to talk about for everyone.
how often do you get sick?
wow awesome question....i think my best achievement would be &quot;finding who i am&quot; thats thee most important!!<33
nahh hates a strong word.
does anyone sang you a song on public? if so  describe he did it
nope.
g!v3 m3 d @+ f3r0c!0u$ d!(k
would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean?
guess
i really like my friend.r but its complicated.
about sheep
not that long haha
hi my name is nico and im a total studd ;d u2665
haha thanks. i hear that a bit.
do you have a specific work-out routine?..if  not  how do you keep in shape? [mentally and physically  speaking].
what would be harder for you  to tell someone you love them or that you do not love them back?
not in a hey lets get drunk and puke our guts out  not remember anything tomorrow and have a headache kind of girl. r just a laugh at everything for no reason  do the random robot in public  social in every aspect kind of party girl :]
wait. are you cheyenne? i sent a request to you? wait  why is your name tabitha?? r u fake????
do you eat breakfast daily?
if you and jaybee got married and have kids i actually think  the kids would be cute. just saying.
i dont want to date marry anyone
i believe both are good :) i had an awesome elaborate answer to this but formspring didnt make it show up so that is all.
do you want to start over with anyone?
the earth. people's feelings. the way others react to people having a bad day. kids :] learning new things all the time.
wutt if yu gawt pregnaant?
hmm..i dont think there is anyone.
a.job.being good pfffft.
hahahahahahaha  its a curse i wish i could yell at you :) ha. i love you to :) annnddd thankyou
no? show your face.
yes. but well no..i guess everythings an experience and i wouldnt have learned from the time spent with someone so no. lol
do yew have a boyfran? :]
what tv show do you wish would go off the air for good?
when you were little did you ever go ahhh infront of the fan?
nopee
people writing nice things about me and funny stuff lol :)
umm a homeless guys with blackberry haha
484 264 3364 ; you should call me.
you discover a beautiful island upon which you may build your own society. you make the rules. what is the first rule you put into place?
yes!? wouldn't you. hahahhaha
would you ever drunk drive?
how do you feel right now?
what're you holding in your photo? lol just curious :]
where am i from? ohio in the united states. i was born in louisiana.
ily<$$(:
who's the funniest person you know?
nahh
did you &quot;celebrate&quot; 4/20.?r lol
yes.
i love you!
haha umm thats on the outside for people to buy beauty is on the skinny models but inside the store there's more for all shapes and beauty is really on the inside. the inside just doesnt sell
i dont even want to talk about it. and stress is overrated. i just dont like to think about it
i just have to say  i do -not- believe the earth will actually end. it is a quote from one of my favorite  thought-provoking movies named donnie darko. it's not a '2012' movie  either. you'd have to see it.
i show yuh a hot azz tym. i kan doezz ne thang u want
an eagle definantly.
i dont have a dream job anymore so i dont no.
ummm no its anonymous..................haha
yew miss mhe lolss
how many chairs are at your dining room table?
i have fallopian tubes.
ummmmmmm  im not sure about the nicest. but ive tourn someone down with words pretty well. so thats the worst.
nope
once. unless im super active.
i think thanksgiving. no gifts and stress. and tonss of food! :] everyone just getting together to hang out and be with each other  thanking for everything we've all got. :] i love it.
i hate you.
what was the most painful thing you had to tell someone?
if you give money to charity  which one do you usually give to?
i think it was horrible and people forget that things like that have happened! it happened for reasons unbelievable but im sure its because the kid wanted attention and was just acting out in an insane way. its hard to know why it really happened.
i didnt reallly get into trouble so much in school. i got a like 4 detentions for being tardy in the mornings. hahaha i was bad for that.
queensland.
is there one thing all of your love interests have had in common?
duhh . im da only onee dhatt typee likee dhatt !
yes i think so
what do you think happens to the missing socks that disappear in the dryer?
me and justin are married  i am not divorsing him for you mr. anominous. hahahahah your probably a creepy old man... or lady..
yeh you r right... how should the 1 be?? i have no bf too!:)
when was the last time something slipped out of your mouth? (word wise.)
would you get mad if i sprayed shaving cream all over your face?? i would!!!
do you make the jokes or laugh at them?
i collected beanie babies when i was younger :) loved them had cases for them and everything!!
sometimes.
ya digg
do you cry often or keep it inside?
do you think youre more serious or sarcastic?
play tricks on people hahaha
yes she is by blood. always has  always will be :)
nope.
musician :d
i got a ipod  ipod dock  clothes and other crap lol =]
what is the kindest  most generous act you've ever done?
you a big time texter?
did you ever have a embarrassing moment at school?
umm idk
miley &amp; bieber!!!
how often do you have days where it feels like everything goes wrong?
i like my ma's homemade chicken noodle soup :]
no but i wanna
king tut. how he built the pyrmids?
does it bother you when people ask you questions and the answer is in your bio?
if you people really still think that tabi's fake  go look at her dang myspace. -.-
dependss .
thankyou :)
hoe-ishness! lol um prob. stupid bitches and sin! i just sinned!opppzz
naw
not currently. :/
spontaneity or stability?
jonas brothers concert 8/13/09 ;d i still love em bhut justin bieber is thee shit!
in your eyes what drives people to use drugs?
jabbawockeez.. what do you think about them?
what last made you laugh?
umm.. long time ago bhut i was like 5 or 6 haha cory!
dove chocolate. haha
lakerss bbbyyyyy<3 2o1o<3
nahhh
sorry that was funny. &quot;playa playa&quot; ahah. :p
ohkay wht if shee didntt have an ass  butt she whud kuute  &amp; yall was feelin eachothuh .?
mwahaha!!! sweet thang! i love it!!
if you were to be reborn who would you want to be born as?
who's the most famous person you've met?
favorite snl (saturday night live) cast member ever?
nah
why yess i do.
does it bother you that travesti immitate your favorite singers?
i thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so i wondered what do chinese mothers use? toothpicks?
have you been in a serious fight?
my mind.
no  i mean like like
what annoys you about living where you live now?
i love adtr! vvv they're my fav. i know every song by heart.
no
d: well who is this?
who doesnt!!(:
hands.
no  im sorry :/ i like guyssss
haha thanks.
if you ran the world...what would it be like?
he doesnt really ask but i think its because he doesnt want to talk about his past. we know of the jist of them though.
very much so!
what do you think could cause you to explode?
how do you feel when you have a hunch someone's not paying attention to what you have to say?
dont know of any off the top of my head.
thats nice to no lol=]
beep.hello moto.its teeannuhh. do u hav stds?
haha i did? lmfao  i have better things to do.
did you wink at all today? to who?
cool.
most of the time :]
mmmhm!(:
yes.
yes i do.
yes.
isnt lindsay just the best.??:d and im sure you love her 10 different laughs(: haha i love you big booty hoe.!
what is the craziest thing you have seen lately?
do you like to go out in the rain?
yes. if square aliens came to see us. hahaha or if the tractors would get more creative..one of the two! :)
a debatable question.
im not a nurse yet. but i would say the neverending need to keep helping people. its more than the average person could do... r maybe this way  i can make a difference. if not in the world  in someone's life. :]
wild flowers. <3
lemon :] hahaha
:) who is this? haha
is french kissing in france just called kissing?
if you knew someone was going to die would you tell them?
if i had to no them kayla......if i didnt.......andy clemmensen haha.
howu2019s your mood today?
um why not haha jks :)
doug!!!!!!!
if you could change something about yourself  what would you change and why?
love you too april hahaha
yea but the tears  and water come together :p
tabigale
do you think people that are curious about when the world is going to end are morbid?
favorite radio station?
when i was a child without any worries :] everything was awesome and all things you did were cute.
do you ever think of an amazing song from the 80s or 90s or something and wonder if it would still be big if it was released now for the first time?
currently i like the frequency 94.9
idk yet. prolly no one cause my boo wont cook anymore for some odd reason and im sick so i wont be eating. usually i do but here lately i havent ate much
i lovee joiee<3
audrey hepburn
sugary and fast foods have a bad effect on your health  you still eat them dont you??!?!?!
yes.
what would you like for your birthday? :)
how did you spend your 2 weeks time with out formspring?
yes. and i never find it when im looking for it. only days later to find it in the most obvious spot ever.
i have no money
have you ever played candy man?
nope.
quit my job of a year and half at kroger to go on a girls vacation after i graduated to panama city  fl. :) i did it in two days and took the money i had to go have fun
lmaoo!!!!
ever felt that no one relates to you?
have you ever been to hollywood  ca?
by one self insecure person that needs the voice of others degrading ones they are intimidated by ..
what is a z job?
y0 d!(k !s$$$zz f3r0usi0s
what did you think of eminems video for &quot;love the way you lie&quot; (ft rihanna)?
timothy. and my fishy arnold. :) i named him arnold after the tv show hey! arnold. have you seen that movie?haha
yess its very unfortunate :)
a nevershoutnever video
idk haha :p it probably is el torito  at least thats what i can think of lol
how do you get cold sores? are they really herpes?r
(: taelin walker webb <3
famous! duhh haha that means i would be rich cause i am famous hah commen sense! ;d
what do you prefer to drink in the morning?
what's the secret to happiness?
what's the last thing you ate?
do you know a drug addict?
studying to be a nurse. working to save the world with kindness <3
its dumb
hello tabi which school is your favorite your old one or new one??
i love you
u know who i like?? whoo????
have you ever seen the goonies? if yes then what character do you most relate with?
can you come to my party tonightt ??
if you could be a star athlete in any sport  which sport would you pick?
it was mostly how i was raised and how i like to act myself. personally i like the way i am :]
toasted cheese sandwich with out the cheese coz i dont no if we have any.
happiness is too complicated to say yes or no. i like to think so.
at night. i like to climb into bed clean :)
bestfriend <3
what is your current desktop picture?
ikno bih
depends on how close we were at the time.
:/ hmm i no lol
who do you like?
follow :)
lol since you really must knoo; n....o.(:
nahhh
hahahahahah :) im replying to this  what about you?
ugh.. r well  okay cool that you like me thanks. but being rude doesnt help anything nor is it going to get me to like you. sorry if that sounds mean.
if you could have an endless supply of any food  what would you get?
do you curse?
would you consider yourself to be spoiled?
the beatles or the temptations?
oh okay :) sorry.
last time me and my boyfriend got pulled over for our license plate light being out. i owe some fines and didnt want to have to deal with that crap. but she didnt do anything. she let us go..thank goodness!
what is something you never want to lose?
the wifey! lol idk
hahahahahahahahahhahahaha lmao hahahahahah gosh i no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whosz that niggaaa ? lol yes i do <3
ah me. by griffen house.
thats great . i hope things work out fine.. (:
everything !
name a song you know all the lyrics to.
do siamese twins pay for one ticket or two tickets when they go to movies and concerts?
what is your ideal date?r
is it wrong i am getting my daughter to paint xen's nails while he is asleep?
whats your favorite silly band shape?
what's the kindest thing anyone has ever done for you ??
g-r-e-a-t.r it was a small chair  i was like sitting in your lap.
a year &amp; 2 months.
i have never had it.
mine used to be. i used to take 30 ish minute showers. lately they have been between 15 and 20 minute showers :] so im saving water yay! :]
thanks! so are you! :d
nope. and i wanted one but now idk cause i just dont think id be happy in a few years so oh well.. ill prolly never get any but i like it that way
how do they get the &quot;keep off the grass&quot; sign on the grass?
what do you think would cause mass hysteria?
yuh got yer nosee piercedd!!
haha ok
hahahaha thankyou.
but it says right above that i cant :(
what do you think about people who give one word answers to nearly everything?
what do you always pray for?
if a doctor suddenly had a heart attack while doing surgery  would the other doctors work on the doctor or the patient?
a hemp bracelet my sister made me on my left wrist and my two favorite rings :]r earrings too...lets count  8 others :)
okay :o
noo
do you prefer to be blissfully unaware? or know what going on though it may hurt to know?
k
nope. just cause i wouldn't do that. im an awesome driver haha
yuh myk a hoe orgasm! oaaa hot as fukk. ppl tellen me i look lyk khlou00e8 kardashian n ma boobs iz a 38c to d (:  if dhats what yuh want to have den im here.
what was the worst concert you went to?
telling someone that you dont love them back. ive had to do it and it is so tough to say.
does it wobble babi it be all ova da place
have you ever had your heart broken?
do you know how much a peso would be worth in the united states today?
are you obsessed with shiny things?:
you have alot of clothes! yur house is big and omgee yur rich!!!
what's the longest you've ever gone without a bath or shower?
if you could ask george w. bush one question what would it be?
what's one way people commonly misspell your name?
not really
always. haha sorry i didnt answer last night. i was half asleep when you called.
how's the weather there?
i do!
to bad u stopped talking 2 me.
is there a person that you ever felt that you actually hated?
do you look forward to sleeping?
have you ever done anything illegal? and if so what was it?
really!!??! haha
ohh reallu? well how does it feel to want [; ?!
ummm that would be a no. went to school with him but didnt date him haha
that a mouse will come in my room at night lol it scares the shit out of me
who do you want to grow old and grey with?
l
idk really. i think im an alien :]
creepy people.
ever fell for the same guy more than once?
have you ever randomly busted out dancing?
wow
tell me 5 facts about yourself
neither :p
have you read/watched &quot;a walk to remember?&quot;
exactly lmao  and i no who said that and he/she does it all the time  ill text you who  :)
sucky
have you ever swallowed an object by accident?
sure will
ahaha thankss kidd ndd yeah i knoo reallyy huh...theeree soo stupidd there to scaredd to sayy anythingg too myy face
sorry i just thought of one more good question.........would you break the law to save a loved one?
:d
what do u guys prefer? jonas brothers or justin bieber
if you joined the circus  what act would you most want to perform?
in order to survive 3 more days you need a small meal. there is nothing with you except your pet monkey... do you fry up some monkey?
22 again...
why are u goin to north?
what are you doing tomorrow?
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm yeah
finee how yew ben
never mind all better! r but i have a soar throat r bleh!
yes. my sister. hahaha
do you think you have habits that annoy other people?
are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in?
beu03c4ter thu03b1n formspru03b9ng  try http://tr.im/m73w
basicc information -  name ? age ? location ? grade ?
yumm... justin bieber p-diddys son jdoir yummm....haha not really a celeb bhut yeah! &amp;&amp; channing fckn tatum!!haha oh damn!!
no.  would you?
nope  im actually very picky on who i date
spam for spam? :)
tell mi wat ya want mi ta do
:)))))))))))))))))))))
its prolly you.
hahahahahaha he is in love with everyone  hahaha i love that kid. i no i no im awesome ;)
what?
you're reallly really pretty (: haha. but honestly.
worst food you've eaten that you almost throw up?
is your room messy or super neat?
what is the most important quality in a person or friend?
because so many people revolve they're lives around their cellulars. its pathetic really.
yup. have one
find the perfect guy for me :]
hmm..idk many awards but if there was a kindness award of some kind and it was achieved by helping others. id like that :)
would you rather be king/or queen of the universe for one year or get what you want for one year?
i would look sexy and fuck shit up :d
you think i like him because i talk to him alot?r he is really nice  and fun to talk to  who are you?r he is a great friend  what isnt there to like about him.
if you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so you never had to do it again  what would it be?
a few  times
zombie 4sho!
where's your favorite place to buy clothes?
i wear undies dude. hahaha
cucumbers and viniger
do you like girls? hahaha:]
huh!? that doesnt make sense  guns something! lmao come again!? lol
hahahahah ummmmmmm thank you? if this is eric  i will kill myself  who is this?????????????????r but hahahhahahahhahahah this made me laugh sooooo hard.
never been :(
in my head.
idk. that'd be hard but i think so
lots :) show your face.
if you could change some things about cincinnati  to make it better  what would you do?
do you think people talk about you behind your back?
hahaha well then i can't fight you cani? and if you don't mind me asking  why do you dislike her?
what's a word that rhymes with &quot;door?&quot;
haha i don't really hear much about him anymore. but i respect him as an artist. a person  he may have been a little off his rocker but as an artist. mass respect :]
i dgaf
ummm summer bein almost here! who isnt? haha
idk. what makes me a hottie? haha
yes they do
no
yes.
are you vain?
yes they are.
nope
no
yes. they love to buzz.
would you rather date a really ugly girl with lots of experience or a really pretty girl with no experiance.
?
naah (;
yes. and no sorry
raspberry vinegrette
fly in a plane.
awhh i would saw lets! but i have a husband d:
have you been to any ocean park?
hahha laugh. really hard!! :)
pu01ddu05dfu05dfu0131u029es u028eu0287u0287u01ddu0279d u01ddu0279u0250 nou028e uu01ddu0265u0287 su0131u0265u0287 pu0250u01ddu0279 uu0250u0254 nou028e u025fu0131
your gorgeous  im not talking about just your looks  because everyone knows your beautiful  but im talking about  your personality. your soo nice and careing to everyone  your genuinly kind. i dont think you could ever do anything ugly
yuhz  @ $3xy m0+h @fu( @. yuh q0+  @ n!(3 d!(k
have you ever thought of doing or getting something in a place (house  room  bathroom etc)but when you got there  you suddenly forget what you have to do/get?
if you woke up in jail  what would your crime be ??
yes! everyone should recycle.
movie night! or beach or what ever as long i am with friends :d
a flame torch.
your bommm!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha i know huh(: lol jealous bitches
all three babay :)
how do they get the swirls in the toothpaste to come out so perfectly?
thats what i thought haha
i really liked aggravation :)
yupz hehe
.
can you sleep in jeans?
whats wrong?
not too much
(: tabitha jai locascio (:
fred... something of fred.
what if you&apos;re in hell  and you&apos;re mad at someone  where do you tell them to go?
no.
not to my recollection. hahahaha but that'd be funny.
hot coffee  iced coffee!! :] haha
u like somebody at lakes?
are you looking for any bfs atm =)
yes. karma :]
mine are about 20min
of course. x marks the spot!!!!! arrrg im soo ready :]
give me the names of 3 objects or things you love most and why?
not legally.
if you saw someone in public with toilet paper stuck to their shoe  would you tell them?
canada :]
why do you think people join gangs?
what dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
how many pillows do you use?
umm.. i think 2 bhut english is my first! im learnin french! ;d hbu?!
guilty pleasure by cobra starship :d fangs up! <3
what website do you spend the most time on?
have you ever stolen a street sign before?
cedar point i believe.
random yes. lol
i can tell you what i dont want to see happen before i die.....
can you roll your tongue?
cottage cheese. colby cheese. string cheese.
kindness to strangers.
cats or dogs?
in my head :]
how would you describe your personality?
do you hate the last guy/girl you were talking to?
have you ever pretended your crush was with you when they really werent?
ididnt write dhat
when was the last time you asked someone a letter on paper?
omg no way!!! 10 is actually small!!! don't change thee way you look 4 anyone!!! bhut yourslf. kay?!
u can scroll my page. thanks.
whats up doc?
umm.. haha i dont know why you want to kn
k
not that im aware of thankfully
i miss youuu <3
you text me? haha
in theaters....shutter island
ever tried skinny dipping? with whom?
how do you handle your emotions when you're sad? do you direct more anger  tears  or endless thoughts [quiet!]? explain.
if you got arrested for murder  whom would you call with your telephone call from prison? and why?
whyy? d:
hooker.hahaha
do you get annoyed when someone cuts in front of you when you are waiting in line?
what's your favorite drink?
are you left handed or right?
do you know anyone who will do almost  anything for attention? -_- .
what's the last thing you said to your sibling?
purple and green.r always has been my favorite since i was a kid and green just makes me happy and looks good on me haha
if you had your own talk show  who would your first three guests be?
what would you do if a leprecon jumped out of the r bushes and stole your wallet? i would be scarred for life!
liers.
do you ever take medication to help you fall asleep faster?
uhm i think i love me some freaking joie thasss right  <3 :d
i never thought i could.....
would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean?
dad.
hahahah idk.
the other night actually haha in the living room
girl  your perfect. from your eyes  to your smile  your all i think about[: i loved you from the day we met. your life is amazing ~chris~
trusting others.
no thanks
omg!! ahhhh!! where he go? damn it he just fell off my window sil! haha jk!
if you had to throw away either your tv or your computer  which would you choose?
when you hear people arguing what do you normally do?
do you know how to change a tire? change oil? change a spark plug?
honesty. i don't have many true friends.
christofer drew  or my sister
what did you have for lunch?
have u ever seen a falling star?
well sortaa! i just got 2 wtch thee charice part! shes awesome <3 hbu?!
bahaha idk :) whats goin on?
!m h00000rnyy f0 y @ d!(k n!qq @ ! w @n+ y3w t @ q0 h @rd on dh!s v @q!n @
what would be the best thing about being a vampire?
grandpa lyedd !
nope. but i do deja vu sometimes haha
ohhh i dont no whats with these super hard questions
what is the thing that annoyes you most???
wow really? cuz people like making cool songs about bridges
tht woul b so cool if u were here so i can me u!!!!!!
sun or snow?
would you ever date someone who was gorgeous but they had a conceited attitude?
werewolf -aka-  jacob's pride lol! his good part! lol
maybe if i was really that desperate.
oddest.. umm the driveway. haha i like to layout with out straps! ;)
what's your favorite john hughes film?  (80's film director)
i am going to finish answering questiosn then i am off to pack my stuff to leave. please leave me things? thank you.
would you rather have uncontrollable drooling or be a bedwetter?
when you have a dream  is it like one long story that keeps continuing  or is it choppy (at first you're in one place  then you're in another)?
i have no idea? hahaha
do you ever think of becoming a model?
horrible.
one thing you would want to disappear on this planet
how is your best friend?
what would you like to master?
if you were on fear factor would you rather eat cow intestines or 2 dozen hissing roaches?
awwhhh!!!thank yuh jacob ur really nice!!! might be my new bestie <33 thank yuh so much!
i hate when people are mad at for no reason at all...what about you?
yes. i have before :) i gave a dude a jump on my way to school hahaha
if rabbits feet are so lucky  then what happened to the rabbit?
thankyou.
do you think life is fair?
do you know who this is?
have you ever experienced feeling the urge to fart inside the elevator? tell me what happen. =)
:/ ugh.. why are you doing this again?
define a great life?
lol you!(:
haha(; thts how i do !:p
hahaha yeah. that beard guy haha. we never saw him but still.r your a good dancer :d haha
one thing you want badly
:)
y e s
describe your perfect day
very carefully. i would honestly like to do that as a career.
do you love to party?
i try to
are you still sinqle.?
why doesnt tarzan have a beard?
itll only get harder. get on with it
haha
(:
what body part do you wash first?
favorite boyu2019s name?
yeah im all alone currently waiting for timothy to get home. i miss him :(
haha (: whatever that is
are you more of a proton or a neutron?
loser !! (; i miss u !
awhhhh thanks  who is this?
thank you
do you think you could survive being a prisoner or war(pow)?
love
cause its called a banana :) i love bananas
keep it inside. always
love you more babe<3
would you ever prank your spouse if you got married?
where would you like to spend your retirement?
iguess yew dnt fucks wit mhe anymo
how can we make a big difference in this world?
watch this video.  do you agree that these girls are entirely too young to be dancing in such a manner?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjehii-jjhe&amp;feature=youtu.be
are you awaiting piercings/tattoos?
brussel srouts! yuckie! bhut i love cabbage and they're mini cabbages! lmao!
yes i do haha
alright cool :)
;) umm.. a walk to remember! or the last song! ugh theirs alot! haha hbu!
reaction. its weird but  i love it haha
keep it inside. almost always
what do you think of my new graphic?  http://poetic-beauty81.deviantart.com/art/a-rok-shining-star-163949988
which celebrity do you think  is the most overrated?
used to be until i got a super jealous boyfriend that doesn't like me to text anyone..
what's your favorite type of flower?
okayy.
yes. paramore :]
who is thiss fer real??
its sunday so i can sleep in :)
spamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspamspam spam
yupz yupz hehe
yepp
i was on my way to work. driving.
what&apos;s the best thing you&apos;ve ever eaten?
yes. i like to think so.
i'm bored can you tell me something funny? lool
not yet only my car
favorite song?
yup it sure does!
hi hi tabi how are you? i want to know who your best friend is?
not today :(
what is ur states largest amusement park?
make my own path. always. i like the untaken path.
im doing good thankyuh!!!heyyy hbu?!
you goin to lakes park saturday ??
you know it :]
makenzie.
mabuti :) out of bed at least  i had no energy forever. haha just the bad case of a head cold i guess. thanks for asking =]
what was the last book you read?
ya damn rite she gota have ass n be kute ya feel mi[[thick]]
cleveland
used to don't anymore..
name your 2 favorite colors and why?
no. its not as good for you as &quot;they&quot; say. water is best for me :]
you should know who this is. just text me.
could you visit and comment?/u00bfpodru00edais visitar mi blog?  u00bfquu00e9 os parece? http://contandolospetalos.blogspot.com/
famous! :p
what do you think of women who wear revealing clothing infront of kids?
what do you need to change about yourself?
whom do you most look like in your family?
no. not at all.
parents xd
favorite food when i's freezing cold?
hahahah whoever is asking about her favorite sex position i know the answer lol hahahahahahaha
family over everything
lmfao dheyy cant havee it causee itss miness
who's your best guy and girl friend
independently
physical? hmm..uhh i guess that would be when i crashed going wayyy to fast down a hill on rollerblades in a dress and i fell into dirt that was better than concret but sure felt just as hard. scraped all my legs  elbows and hands up. it hurt lol
pepe?
alexis  is a bitch whorer hahha jk alexis i love you  r its anthony.formspring's being a doucher so i cant login in:d
have you ever returned an item to a store for a refund after having used it?
when was the last time you went to the beach?r
do you know anyone who keeps their dog in their house?
thats a hard 1 . . . *thinkin* maybe bustin jieber? i think! haha
ur beautiful! :)
how are you?
not that i know of?
have you ever had a cake fight?
love one another. kindness is the key to happiness :]
yellow.
:d awhhh thankyou  your the best :)r loveyouto:d
would you rather own a luxury yacht or a private jet?
how do you feel about your hair right now?
babydoll dearest  vv i accutally do like her as a friend!(:
do you think it's better to find love or let it find you?
who are your twitter besties?
hahahahha pfffffffffffffftttt everyone knows that lol
like 3 months
when was the last time you thought; what am i doing here?
why not ?
si. hahah yes.
u00bflistography?
what was the last thing you quit?
gotta take for something else they dont have or want
yes sure. why would you spam that? do you not have a bf?
have you ever had head lice?
the vibe they give off
i would if i could  but i cant :(
encore! encore! suree hahaha
okayyy
0 degrees :]
thumbs up!r i just realize our sig pic is thumbs up! well mostly you xd
:o
yeshh :)
umm made love to my boyfriend. :] r hahah
chocolate or vanilla?
is there ever a day that mattresses are not on sale?
nuu-uhh! when!
what color are your eyes?
what?
would you rather be as big as an elephant or as small as a mouse?
what was the last thing you bought?
would it bother you to never have personal time?
yah she does
when you die  would you rather be burried or cremated? why?
have you ever found something in your clothes you didn't know was there?
do you have a boyfran?
love or hate?
disco time babyyyy hahahah :p
what would be worse; finding out there is life in space or finding out that there isn't?
not often. haha
what's the best place near you to get some ice cream?
yes. for sure.
hahaha okay? i dont hah
what's your number?
my good friends
nope. drinkin water.
what's your favorite genre of music?
what was your favorite book as a child?
do you have a distinct smell?:
do you take work home with you?
hip hop and r&amp;b. anything on 102.7 and 97.1
one fun thing you did ??
do you think psychics are real?
bang him if all i care! just don't get aids or anything. :) hahahah  just kidding! don't do that.
lol oo no!..guurrrl u must be crazy!!..b/c i love u muchoo!.
is english your primary language?
yes. emery. emarosa. all the day holiday
what website do you spend the most time on?
would you ever sell drugs if you were poor?
nothing. toes are pink tho :]
if you could only read one magazine for the rest of your life  which would it be?
lol
do you judge people on what they look like?
nah bro  not yet...hopefully soon though :)
theyre either trying to get through a bunch of questions or thats all they had to say on the topic of the question
hahah do u kno how mannnyyy ppl have asked me if i was going out with u? haha
nahhh. only that the occean is dispicably turning to oil at the rate of people saying ohh who really cares and the welfare of the creatures living in it is in our hands....not too much of a concern thooough...
hahaha! wait wht kind of drink! lol well jackinthebox is like not evn a mile away frmh my house! so there! i guess thts wht ur askin lmao! xp
hmm..exotic? i think florida doesn't count but that's about as exotic as your goin to get..haha
sometimes lol if im in the mood to wear one.
no but not because i don't like them  i just think their overated. i have a pair of shoestringless nike that i rock :) their sweet cause they loook like gym shoes but their slip on and offs! lovee em.
do you have your own vehicle?
we've been together for a year in march. and met at a party  how ironic.
no lol thats funny :)
....
i don't think they're hard enough to be honest. society wouldn't be the way it is if people would make they're kids have morals and standards. aids is spreading at an unbelievable rate these days. just sayin...
do you have a calender in your room?
how should shayla&amp;i prank xen next? (shayla is telling xentury to go back to sleep)
hmmm...personal? root word.. lol umm probss... bubbly  nice  honest(sumtyms)
got it from you :)
hehe oh i see (:
hhahahaha oh i no  it does irritate me
hmm..ah me. by griffen house. it puts me in a good mood :)
have you heard a new song today?
song jocker!r
i miss being a kid. yes.
are yu shy when yu first meet people or are yu the one who always sparks up the conversation ?
uh i'm not totally sure right now  i'm sort of torn between two people.
do you buy things online?
if you could change something about your home  without worry about expense or mess  what would you do?
neither. im not a milk fan.
i love fear factor!!!! btw..and i would rather do the cow intestine.
if rabbitsu2019 feet are so lucky  then what happened to the rabbit?
you guys have funny answers :] do you read peoples answers to your questions like i do? :d
mall i guesss
what's your best quote?
your good. haha
ummmmm im not sure
what 3 things do you think will become obsolete in the next ten years?
lmao thanks for saying im pretty  come talk to me? :)
my cousins toys and my blanket
im super stoked too chiky.
haha thank you! haha
:) yes i actually truely would.
love youu 2222!!!!
id like to visit mars :]
yum yum
in the song yankee doodle  is he calling the horse or the feather &quot;macaroni&quot;?
i no vv its called jealousy haha
12 lol
i agree with myself =]
i can't find you on facebook i was lookin' for you &amp; a tosha good came out o___o
o h i o
how old are yu ?
do you think you've changed over the past year? is it a good change or a bad change? why do you feel that you changed or was it just something that happened that you weren't trying to do?
that's all for tonight  peeps.  please let me know if you need me to take you off my list.  some people are being rude about my questions.  just simply ask to be removed from my list and i'll do so without a complaint.  :)
smileyyyyy :d dood these haters maynn. they bee trippin' <3 dridri
lmao naw...dats elementary daysz
where did you lay down last at?
funny you said you don't have many friends.. i think you'd make a good friend ;]
is april really your sister? related by blood?
lots of things. my brother overcame cancer at 2 years old. that was prolly the worst.
tabi your a babeeee look at you its like woah! giggidy answer this question tabi is such a hot chick that she burns anyone she gets close to your hot tabi hot hot hot!!!
sandals 4suree ;d i wear them in thee winter 2! no lie! haha
your beautiful  dont be sad :)
money. like always
do you think you could be deployed right now and be okay when you cam back? regardless or age or sex.
nothing really
weird you say that. my boyfriend says that all the time. im his angel in disguise haha. idk thou sometimes..angels are perfection and im far from that..
bomb bomb bomb ;)
my sweet sixteen ring.
uhm... that one lady ;d hahaha
kylee.
ahaha <3r yes ive noticed <3
shira? :)
nahhh not really
my orthodontist docotr hahahaha!!! jkjk or am i lmao!
hi tabi how's life
who is nova????
what's the best place near you to get some ice cream?
suree :)
what do you think about mothers who go out and get trashed? (personally i think it's irresponsible.)
kk
don't have one really i guess
lmfao i thought something else
no problem
ahhh!!;) wow 5yrs! man  its a gorgeous language! i love it!! this is my first year learnin it! haha newbie!
idk  i don't really look forward to the weekend. just means there's another week coming ahead.
ask me anythinclude your user info   ing
bloody mary. for sureeee
okay thenn?
disney. pocahontas by far
have you ever been in trouble with the law
sooo..... do you like mi goreng?
are you happy?
g r i p p o s !!!!!
whuut youu up 2to ? follow me on dis shxt :)
who wantss to knoww ?
mhm o wow
kk
hmmm...the mac and cheese im eating right now. haha
umm its not really your business  maybe if i knew who you were i could tell you...
umm small cuz its a couch lol
nom nom
thankss(: you're too kind
i said 666. the opposite of me.
no
tabi  now what's going on? d: text me. (:
all thee twilight books chuz she got some good mula baby!
umm i guess butterfly kisses :) that song always makes me happy
what is the first thing you would save in a fire?
yes. deja vu
hmmm..i can almost always give any person the benefit of the doubt no matter what. i can find the silver lining in any situation.. :)
are you more of a talker or more of a listener?
no i havent' but i would love to be a zombie in a movie someday :p and yes i model a little bit here and there. havent lately much though :/
did u ever like tayler philips?
i see you still like frances ;)
your boyfriend/girlfriend just left you for someone else do you go kelly clarkson on 'em and mess up their apartment or just let it go?
$3xy
hahaha i think i would! i always do thee same shizz all thee tyme so yes i would hbu ?! ;d
lol no
how do you deal with anger?
who is the top 10 prettyest people you know?
the children living next door are being horribly abused by their parents. the only way to stop the abuse is to adopt the children and care for them in your home. would you?
yep
;)
what's the most delicious meal you've ever had?
private.
if a bee is allergic to pollen would it get the hives?
never been 2 1 tht was bad.
hmm..broken bridges
chocolate;
you watch nba?
your beauty surrounds me. your the most gorgeous girl i ever fall in love with<3 i'm afraid to tell you who i am  because i know you don't feel the same anymore...
sup e.a
how many different kinds of solitaire do you know how to play?
hmm money.
hi! lol who is this?
probably when i was little
call me? haha jks but sero iim so bored...............r u a pedo?
sure
greeeeeeeeeeeen(:
would you rather go a week without bathing  but be able to change your clothes  or a week without a change of clothes  but be able to bathe?
i dont want people to harass you though :(
opposite.
then talk to him lol
do you think if we found another life form we'd try to kill it?
jennifer
dont know you that well. ha and not probably
are you a generous person?
what was your favorite year?
flawww buddieee
thanks for ditching me on im on facebook
have you ever been drunk?
ohhh &amp;&amp; hes deffinately drowning!! (;
lmfao.r :)hahagreat
the only thing that can make me want to jump of a building is ___________.
o ish im on dat but istick yew lick
do you wake up or open your eyes first?
could you go out in public looking like you do now?
do you enjoy giving hugs?
cuz she is a fucking diva :d
have you watches joe's apartment? if so  how are you going to solve the problem with the cockroaches?
:)
do peoples words bother you?
a^a^a^a^a^a^a^a^a^a
are you telling the truth if you lie in bed?
bahahahaha....took you longer enough;p......gees girl hahah...no its totally okay:) i just wanted to play guess who i am hahaha..i fuckinggg love you too;) <3
sneakers or sandals?
imagine. it is a dark night  you are alone  it is raining outside  you hear someone walking around outside your window. who do you call?
-rape-
your at a club &amp;&amp; a bitch gives you a dirty look &amp; starts laughing while pointing at you! you _______?(what do you do) guys;; do you start drama or are you the ones who shrug it off?
i don't watch tv.
smile hahah and say thank you :)
umm... we would go to jack-in-the-box! haha
i think to my brother..for his birthday. :]
yeshhh
get him to the greek :] fucking hilarious :]
its been awhile..
if you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
i would say carrie underwood concert. she puts on an awesome show! :)
my dad i thnk haha
buncha kind things have been done for me. bunch!
;(
on average how many texts do you send a day?
do you have any memories you'd like to forget?
do you have any weird habits?
what are the last 4 digits in your cellphone number?
i miss you too  &amp;&amp; i cant believe ur going to north!!
lay in bed with my boyfriend :]
if you became a multi-millionaire overnight  what would you buy?
sweet november. mr deeds haha
none. haha
what religion are you  if you are one?
&quot;musta&quot;(mooosta)- a filipino word w/c means how are you.. so  musta? :]
if someone's underwear was showing  would you tell them?
if you had to choose between a millions bucks and being able to fly  which would you choose?
with love all things are possible. its scary.
do people in australia call the rest of the world up over?
random. because live would be boring if i weren't :) and no i wouldnt because i like how i am . every part of me :)
yes i am a virgin lol and im 14 who wrote this?
justin bieber's bday parrtayy! haha
you look like sean kingston.
if you were given a chance to go to the moon  would you go? why or why not?
you definitely have a chance baby  and i'm really into you too :))) hopefully when i see you there will be some kissing going on<3 and i'm not perfect  you are<33
meahh too ! lol
nope unfortunately
maybe you should text me now!!!! :)
hmm  what questionss? inbox me some ideas ;]
sometimes i wish you'll see how i'm in love with you. and i'm afraid to loose you  espcially you tell dakota your poems but not me. i know we don't know eachother that long but we did loved eachother
do you think some questions will never be answered?
nope
ttabaabiii!1!!!!!?!?!?!?i loooovvvveee youuu!!!!!!!<3yayaay soooo....hmhmhnhmyyeess i thought ofa question!!here goeez:::::what is your favorite book!!!??*! @lockerbudddie @!*
legos.
huh???
lemenadeee(:
when was the last time you gave flowers?
how do you know when you're really ready for sex? r
when you were little  what did you want to be when you grew up?
what's your best achievement?
xentury&amp;shayla are eating straight peanut butter. is there anything you could eat all day?
yes i have. lol
yes actually i finally did. with timothy .
how many lies do you think you have told in your life time?
why are people being so hateful?
loose their mind. its something to focus on for the ones that cant except theres may be nothing for life after death.
what's your favorite movie quote?
yupz yupz
heyyyyyyyy!!!!wats up!?!?(*)-)
who is the person you trust most?
ill unfollow you if you wish just tell me thank you! :d
haha check inside ur closet u mind find out who it is(;
big as an elephant :]
what gives you peace of mind?
its not rape if i enjoy it ;)  *phoebe.
what is nature tripping? like hiking??
back to you
have you ever dyed your hair an unnatural color?
lolss mhe tew
how to survive in this crazy khaos of a world i live in.
why doesnt tarzan have a beard?
if a parsley farmer is sued  do they garnish his wages?
will this weekend be a good one?
softball. alltime loved sport. it was my haven to this world. behind the plate i was a superstar and nothing could go wrong. :]r i miss it mostly.
hmmm..prolly timmy and to come see you! :] ahaha
bullllllllll. ( : ahah.
its okay i honestly still dont understand why you got so angry  but sometimes you get mad worse then girls do. just saying  not trying to sound mean. but you do.
can u name an animal that is orange?
wait my phone?  -dakota
what are you planning on buying with your first check? what did you buy with your first check?
how tall are you?
if you were given a brand new yacht  what would you name it?
the queens lol why would i say that oh well haha - weird :/
do you smoke or drink
do you like candy necklaces?
not really
nope not that im aware of
lmfao seriously...well idc alot of femalez got a crush on mi
hey hey this is from skin and bones by romance on a rocket ship. i love that song
who's the best ninja you know
sharing my most intimate thoughts with another being  my boyfriend. i used to hate telling anyone anything. but i dont now.
not really
what's your motto?
be my pen pal?? :)
what was your last awkward moment?
not really  why don't we just have sex? :d hahahaha
what's your favorite food?
its only life. katie vougel
fkkin bicthes needa get a life hatinqq because you got boobies and they dont jealous hoes! (: your amazin sister  !(: i love yopu <3 fkk haters :dd
lame
what are your thoughts on earwax?
hello i would just like to tell you that i think your soo perfect  and adorable  a liar and totally kissable''and im pretty into you<3 do i have a chance? [;
ha yeah i know right?
hahah yeah yeah :)
did you make fun of people in school?
hahaha!!! ohh cool wait are yuh thee april on twitter?! april2? haha yay! we beasts yo! haa
the creepy guy that crawls in little girls windows and does bad things to them in the night.
yes. because i want to go to the moon. i want to know if its made of cheese :)
what do you tell yourself when times get hard?
proton definantly. positive polly yes i am :]
what's one food you'll never eat again?
ever done something you're embaresed about ??
never been on a plane :(
can crop circles be square?
<3 i love you!!!!!!!!!!!! lds
a piece of grass?
outside. smile r inside. personality
ehh? i don't remember! ;0 haaaha but i love bob marley and all that shit lolz so prollyy(: but your name doesn't ring a bell! d: fucking amnesia :/
do you like to travel by airplane?
do you like the smell of cigarettes?
do you give it up easy? as in sex wise :|  or do you play hard to get it?
what did you think about before bed last night?
lots and lots
not at all
strawberry-banana smoothies from jack in the box ;d yah dig?
describe yourself in 3 words.
duh bestiee lol !!!
what time is it where you are?
i think xentury is thinking of a prank to pull on me  what shall i do?
i used to go a lot. but now i dont go so much. waiting for a really good new movie to come out!
spam me? (:
what is the last thing you watched on tv?
didnt get into star wars much actually
sister 18r borthers 11  8  8 months :]
nope
pool
what would the worse prank ever be?
are you a tease? i am haha :)
justin bieber is my driving teacher oohh yess!..bahah we gonna be doing sumthing else instead of him teaching me how to drive(; lmao
oh ammmmm i? lol who is this?(;
he says he did :] haha
noopee ;not at all (:
what do you mean? what drama did you cause?
flowers from my bf yesterday :)
the 2nd one!!!
hmmmm dont. i think reality tv should be banned haha
whats your favourite fruit?
kinda...but idk if she's still feelin it...
what would you do if you found $100 at a movie theater?
http://formspringme.zendesk.com/home complain about fs and the limitations they're making here  you have to make a whole new separate account to do it.
they made me shit ;0
so do you believe that &quot;what goes around ... comes back around&quot;?
hmm..illegal huh? r yes. ive gotten 2 dui's in the same year before i learned its not a good idea to drink and drive. i've smoked green. and shroomies are my favorite. though i do not do drugs anymore. r dont judge meee :( haha
god
someone i could laugh with
so baby don't worryr you are my onlyr you won't be lonelyr even if the sky is falling downr you'll be my onlyr no need to worryr baby are you down? r down  downr baby are you down? r down  downr even if the sky is falling down
well who is this? even if i dont feel the same ill still be nicce :)
where you are to meet you  because i think we would get along just peachy
and last q for the moment..........is duck tape made out of ducks?
here? 7:51 am :]
eyes  smile  personality  and athletic(:
do you hate being alone?
do you watch family guy regularly?
what's your funny story?
have you been in a wreck?
nope
done spamming for now. leave me things? hint  hint  wink  wink  say no more? lmao! <3
wet or dry?
white. i hate it. we have no choice. were in an apartment
kan u wam? because i love lil wayne and da wam i be doin it even do im a girl
which power ranger is the best?
favorite food?
gasp. he told me): i could cry.
heyy besttfriend !(:
favorite color?
how often do you lose your voice?
ur having a party and notice a group of people you didnt invite  how do you go about getting them to leave?
yuh already know who i am. yuh adedd me on myspace ?
ily!
personality 9r physic 8r looks 8
do you act differently around your friends just to fit in?
i get lost in your beautiful eyes
what hair color do they put on the driver&apos;s licenses of bald men?
yes. cause it would totally be awwesome as long as they didn't do experiments and stuff on me hahaha
about schmidt. r the only movie i couldnt get through to save my life. and i love jack nicholson. but this movie was horrible.
if one song were to describe your life  what song would it be?
is jon the person u like?
love it
not grandparents..
who's the most beautiful person you know?
do you like kool-aid?
heheheh hey mikey !
my bad
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot?
virginia
sometimes :) i like her opinion.
what color is your toothbrush?
i speak english frensh and a little arabic cuz i've been to egypt a lotta times :d
prada or jansport?
umm i well there is alot of bad things that have happened  but i like to look at them as good things that made me who i am  so  there isnt a worst.
i have never dyed my hair
how would you describe yourself in 3 words?
oh really(; ? and i cnt let alix see it i dont want himto knoww cause of something i cnt say or he ll know
im bored
what was your favorite birthday gift?
oh gosh!! i love jd. hmmm.. i really love pirates of the carribean for shiz. but i really liked secret window as well.
hi
i dont think so?
apriiiiiiiiiiiill!!! i miss uuuu! it's emma btw haha
im not a loserrr xd and damn people are nasty  they should learn how to speak properly to a beautiful young lady such as yourself <3
help as many people as i can  that i either do or don't know. as many. spend all my money  give as much as i can  make a difference. give all that i can...in one half hour.
who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with? least like?
i think ur not pretty. sorry.
hmm ...my daddy :)
it has to be the 3oh!3 and cobra starship with guests travie mccoy and i fight dragons concert :d gabe saporta is my new love! :d
definitely true! :d i've been learnin it for 5 years cuz i've frensh origins haha ;)
ummm... what? u didnt know jose was my first kiss?
not currently.
hey
when is the last time you cried?
knowing when your time to die is
blahhhh
do you also like diary of a wimpy kid??
are you vegetarian?
so where are you located and what is it like there? :)
not long
what is your favorite outfit yu own ?
do you like your name?
haha i love how in your bio you wrote &quot;cyberbullying=jail&quot; <3
how long have you been together?
nothing. i wish i was smelling food hahahaha
for you is it f.o.e or &quot;family over everything&quot;?
haha thankz
too cutee(: i lovee youu too hunny<3 anywhoo  who might this be?
have you ever seen or enjoyed watching the o.c.?
do you like the sound of the wind chimes?
when i wanna be haha
hahaha nope! ...
are you so in love with yourself?
welll forr righhtt noww no onee iss_):
confusing.
me?
if you had access to a time machine  where and when would be the first place you travel to?
:|
why is it when something doesn't work we have this urge to physically abuse it?
what dont you like about yourself? (and everyone hates something about themselves)
what if you won't be able to bare a child? will you get a surrogate mother or adopt a child? why?
datz mi kuzo !!! [[ nd im not lien ]]
ability to fly or breath under water?
ohaii :)
why do hot dogs come in packs of ten while hot dog buns only come in packs of 8?
did you believe in the tooth fairy?
would a fly without wings be called a walk?
god.
nope igo to lakez
what was the last thing you ate?
egypt :)
what would you want to be written on your tombstone?
hahaha thanks a ton. i laughed when i read it :]
so i heard that alot people were complaining on too much spam so now we are allowed 100 only? wow?
do you think people end up warped if they are not loved as a child?
haha! maybe 2days? lol idk
do the minutes on the movie boxes include the previews  credits  and special features  or just the movie itself?
are u guus foing out yet!???
straight sorry :)
u.s.a!!!;] known as mars!!<3
what is stressing you out most right now?
=]
really? you don&apos;t want to know anything about me.
the high dive.
skyla misses y
u so made up tht guy jaybee
hello there :]
fuckk wee havee to muchh hatersss.!!<33 butt i lahh yhuu lexiii(: myy awesomestt step sisterr<3
i think there are always reasons. of course ;]
probably
i don't . but when i was little  sweet and sour sauce from mickey d's :] hahahha
um um um um um um um bank it and then go shopping with a keycard thingo coz then if i got robbed it wouldnt matter as much hahahahahaha
yea
being able to hide my feelings.
no. i dont but thats cuz im insecure about myself
umm... barack obama 4 another 4 years! ilovehim!
i accidentally just deleted the thing you just wrote to me d: send it agiiiinnnn
my fridge
whats ur myspace page??
best high school memory?
i love you alexiss<333 no homoo niggyyy(: aha
you like painting?
when you say you don't care  do you mean it?
ily2 boo!
what did you eat for breakfast today?
do you give out second chances too easily?
bestie iilove yuuuaaa!! akekeke:d
what was your worst travel experience?
ever been to the derby?
like how many photos do you have on fb?
i have 1000+questions in my inbox yesterday.but now only 100!!!i didnt answer any questions from yesterday.what happened to remaining questions?did this happen to you?  :'(
idk haha
how do you groom your nails?
yes. im with them now
suave. its cheap and gets the job done. haha
what kind of hamburger do you like
are you carrying any grudges?
do you know what boricua/moricua/morena mean?:
if you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
yea
have you ever been an extra in a movie or commercial? have you ever done any time of modeling or print work?
how do youu plan on making my birthday amazing?:d<3
if you could ask barack obama one question what would it be?
would you help a person who just tried to kill you?
chocolate :p
its stupid.
do you want to see your real mom?
do you have classes? what's your favorite subject?
do you have a favorite beatles song?
yea -__-
no?
seriously  what did parents do with those teeth we lost?
your cute(;
ily lexis_(:
pictures!
what's your favv waterpark to go to? :]
what's something that no one else knows about you?
what is the one thing in the world that makes you teary eyed?:
what is your best friend's mom's name?
being able to control other peoples thoughts. hahahha
in scale from 1-5  how afraid of dark are you?
do you dance in the shower?
when my little brother was diagnosed with cancer.
its the day of exceptions where we can look like idiots also :p
you are on a flight from honolulu to chicago non-stop. there is a fire in the back of the plane. you get enough time to make one phone call. who would you call?
haha nah you know me:) just guess...
what is the nicest thing you've ever done and the worst thing you've ever done
which do you use more  your computer or your mobile phone
yeppp
what music are you listening to today?
ever dropped a cell phone?
i used to have a ton more than i do now. why aren't we friends on fb yet??? hahaha
yes. all the time.
ummmm jack screw you  not my fault people get mad about a stupid state. and also its a inside joke so every one is lame.
do glow-in-the-dark objects stop glowing when somebody turns the lights on?
how'd you know that  im in gym shorts currently?
what's your thoughts on the columbine tragedy? why do you think it happened?
kann i get witt you
next period theres another note and this one says will you be my &quot;girlfriend&quot;?
stars :]
glee who? ha
magenta and white :]
when is ur birthday?
what's the best place near you to get a drink?
yeshhh
whats with all these random ass questions ?
do you know anyone who was adopted as a child?
let it find you. it will :]
yeah. why?
keeping up with the kardashians! or kendra! my fav shows atm!:d
april. my sisterr timothy  my boyfriendr dad. r r my very best would probably be........r april. she knows me best. always. and how to handle me.
so tell me  if you came up on a dead corpse...what would you do?
hahahaha good one. thanks for all the questions  seriously. but i still have like 398 questions that im eventually gettin too!! thanks to you. haha
its better for me to get too little. i can get more done! haha but its healthier to sleep more.
how many boyfriends have you had? :)
the second one. i can never concentrate. ever. haha
worst place to eat at?
look inside your bag/purse.. name three things you see
are you the ideal person that you want to be? if not  what would you do to about it?
its cool how you swear when your only 13 :)
whos that lady in the b
whatu2019s your favorite shoe?
thank you lady :]
yup probably
im a girl:)
definantly not. im a thrill seeker.
what body sprays are better bath &amp; body's or victorias secrets ones?
who do you think it is?
what was your first love like?
lol no
if you won a million dollars what would you do with it?
if you could become any fictional character  who would you be?
i dont think we will ever know all of what is truly hidden underneath the glaciers and ice caps of the sea but i think there may be creatures beyond our belief. like an iccey polar dragon :) haha jk
what kind of monster did you use to be afraid of?
do you do what needs to be done regardless of the consequences
m @ pu$$zzy +!qh+3r d3n +!q3r w00d$ $vv3 @+3r.  ! knoww how + @ h @v3  @ q00d +!m3 !n d @ b3d.  ! d0 k3q @l 3xc3rc!$3$ + @ +!qh+3n !+
who's the most overrated actor?
no. i tend to feel a self-importance but it's certianly not fake. i don't believe so :]
lol yupz
spiit yo gamme niqqa aha
if london bridge is standing why is there a song about it falling down?
someday
colgate i think. its the minty kind :p
does it bother you when strangers try to tell you what to do?
which is more appealing to you?  sun  moon  or stars?
are you better today than you are yesterday?
nahh
in scale from 1-5  how afraid of dark are you?
if you were a candy  what candy would you be?
hey. ^_^
i'm in love with you
okay. hope everything goes okay! :)
chicken salad :]
do you own a bathrobe?
n3qro wuzz ya number
wutchu mean u tellin me?r
have you ever had a dream (good/bad)  that actually came true?
i can be haha
both? lol! jk
hey everyone im gettin alot of complaints please inbox me and let me know if u dont wanna be on my spam list
idk she a jit.. ya feel mi n she anit mi type
nahhhh its cute
who do you like? =)
have you ever eaten a crayon?
yes maybe. perhaps..depends
are you bi?
how would you talk someone out of suicide?
nope! :d
yea :d
okie dokie :p
hmmmm  then to of never of moved  or to be happy.
how much money did you spend yesterday?
awhh i love ur earrings!
tea ach gee means that i spelled out my initials to be more creative. haha t h g. tosha haejin goodin. tea ach gee. and no i dont know what emahsnouoy means  what is it?
i have no idea haha maybe fly so then like it doesnt matter what happens to the world i'd be safe coz i could fly away right?
i dont much like bitch either.
what's the most recent movie you've seen in theaters?
ummm hes alright haha but not that much.
so who do yhu think yhur inlovee wit ??
what would you do if you were wading through a river and all of a sudden a fish jumped out of the water and puked on your shoulder and then called you a fucking bitch?
if you could choose to live on a different planet  which one would you choose?
not always. but i don't say idc very much. haha
do you think the last person you kissed cares for you?
i love you to :)r thanks people are lameee
can you cook?
no.
just stuff. i can handle it imma big girl dont tripp.
i had a wedding to go to in columbus lastnight and today im just chillin with my baby all day in our new apartment :]
are u a virgin? how old are you?
name your 3 closest friends. which one is your very best friend?
which is better yogurt or pudding? what's your favorite flavor?
if nobody buys a ticket to a movie do they still show it?
if you don't know the words to a song  do you improvise?
urgh . . this is difficult to answer haha! umm prob. fixing computers! ha yes i said it im like a wiz at fixin comps that myself and mom destroy! ahaha!
m33+ m3  @+ d @ m @ll 0n m0nd @y  @nd !ll q!v3 yuh d @ b3$+ b3(ky 3v @
beach or waterpark?
seriously take a wild guess! then message me on myspace or comment me or text me. we need to talkk.
if anyone hurts tabi  i will come to where ever you are and hurt you  physically :d i love you tabbbbbi. (:
so what do you think will last &quot;until the end of time&quot;?
shut up your prettier! <33
pocahontas. :] im the one that doesn't do whats in the book and travels outside of the comforts to explore and see the new land. a leader and wanderer..faith in finding your own way.
really?!?! thanks?! haha
myself!(:
no it shows safety
do you like hot or cold showers?
a thong
if you could be on one tv show which one would it be?
nope
nooo
uhmm like 6th grade on a corner of a street. i was on my corner :o lol jk and it was randi..
what is boring to you?
what ethinicity are you? sorry you just looked so tan :)
yes
fort polk  louisiana. in the united states. it was a military base.
heyyy askk mee stuuuff!(:
yes. love the creativity.
hey you.. who thought you about &quot;musta&quot; ? =)
jac...bahahaha
what is your favorite flavor of water?
what was your childhood nickname?
negative. i think we as humans all tend to sometimes but its all in unintentional purpose. so i try not too :)
accomplishment
live with both parents ??
hahaha love you to :dr remeber i got a camo shovel ;dddr your the best.
are you an introvert or an extrovert?
what do you do for headaches?
didnt have one
is that a problem?
t tosh and thats it i think lol miss attitude.
davey jones. haha
i heart<3 youu.
what do you wish you were doing instead of answering this question?  :)
kuz dea claimed ihit sum female wid a trash can
did you get all my questions? cause i've been flooding you for the past few days..
shore i'd be happy too!!!! :)
what is it you like best about your mateu2019s personality. what do you like the least?
(:r cools ilike that pikk lols
yea y?
baby im down(;
haha okayyy the only one about six flags was with me and nicky  name another :)
what's heaven for you?
nahh i'd do it myself lol
i care wayy to much.
ohhh uhhh?? no to be honest.
your beautiful<3 don't listen to others(:  they don't have a beautiful thing called love<3 while you do  cause we are married :p  i love you<3
oh yeahhh we already talked about this. :)
do you like spiders?
who do you lyk?
how many floors does your home have?
so who diz
are you loud or quite?
last question for right now. you have the choice to save the life of the person who has hurt you the most  do you do it? if you don't no one will know.
not at all. i like my space  that's for sure. and i hate clingy touchy blahhh ha
who do u like
do you/have  you ever watched desperate housewives?
have you ever snooped in somebody else's medicine cabinet?
i killed a man.
no.
that person vv isn't daydrien is it?!?!?
have to
no? is it possible. ha
do you believe in the quote &quot; i'll sleep when im dead''?
i am your most favouritest twitter person =}
nope
3 things that your mom doesn't know about you
i do want to.. :) but who is this hahahahah
ohkay
would you rather read a magazine or a book?r
:?
greed.
if you don't mind me asking  how would you kill me?
have you ever seen a cloud shaped like a thing? what was it? lol
rate yurself?
ah me by griffen house =d
yes i think so ;)
have you ever had a &quot;summer love&quot;?
can you take jokes?
what would you do if the cops busted in your door?
dropped it in the sink when i was doing dishes. never talk on your phone and do dishes. your doomed as soon as you start it..
idk honestly.
anything thai and spicy.r mexican.r veggies :]r grapes  strawberries  fruit. har and rice. r i love food btw.
does eating carrots really help you to see in the dark?
what kind of music can you just not stand to listen to?
cute
i dont hardly give idk answers to your questions much so i dont believe your referring to me. but i feel like you don't read my answers anyway sooo idc if you spam me so much..
if there was an amendment that you could flawlessly enforce  which would it be..why?
have you ever spent over an hour thinking about nothing but your crush?
i am done spamming for now. i am going to get a shower and relax for a bit i will spam more tonight! <3 yas!
do you consider yourself a good dancer?
laughhh loud and zip it of course :] hahaha
not too much. we're okay! :) hahaha how are you? i missed talking to you actually.
haha well your my bestfriend/babieeee nothing else (:
green pepper  cheese  onion  bacon-crunchy  and cheese :d
same thing again  man nor woman it makes no difference. i would see i suppose
beatles :]
nop.e
what is your shoe size?
i really wanna take you downn ;] ( it's a song! ) lmfaoo .
nah you wish  so
i like to be nakeed
what is the weirdest thing you have overheard lately?
no again.
why do you think people get irrate over little things?
god.
with family :)
kindness through all humanity.
hahah guess who!? <3
mhm yew do gosh
wen eva ya ready
who's the prettiest person you know?
when was the last time you cried so hard?
musta?you said you were sick last week.. you okay now?
do you conform or make your own path?
have you ever had detention?
why is sex so talked about?
twitter.
ok  to answer your question honestly  i do want to smell your feet  but i swear the truth is that i did *not* ask you those questions  previously. that honestly was someone else.
i loveeeeeeeee u alexisssssssss! your teew fukinn beautiful :)
ill play ya saturday
im not sure actually. i guess how ever many i am blessed with :]r r but like 3-6 would be awesome. i like big families!
neck
juss krista as usual..
name 3 thoughts at this exact moment?
yes i think so. if it need to be necessary.
have you ever had a stalker?
she is whatever the hell she wants to be  and not one bit of that is anyone named cheyenne!
some of them haha
hey
did you have fun this weekend??? :)
how many times a month do you go to the movies?
who do you think should be the next president of the united states?
baha you guys fights online a hilarious!
if you could have an endless supply of any food  what would you get?
can yuh wam?
what's the best movie you have ever seen?
have you ever gotten stitches?
nope
whats candyman? hahha
do you fall asleep during the day and cannot sleep at night?
can you travel around the world in 80 days
luckily im not in highschool anymore. no more next periods for me haha
do you trust easily?
are you quick to take medicine or more likely to wait it out?
pcd. all the way! :)
when was the last time you received flowers?
if i looked on the bed next to you  what would i find?
hahahaahha i  know  myspace.com/tabiisaninja
hehe i know  people are stupid...and i knew it was you ;)))
yes. many people. i work with alot of the mentally handicapped
your moms house
jumprope
how often do you really &quot;go out&quot;?
yes but i dont much anymore..... things for others is most fun!
i love your hair.
what your fave colour?
in 1386 a pig in france was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child. how did the pig kill the child?
why don't u answer ur phone?
what type of weather do you enjoy the the most?
have you ever had a poem or a song written about you? if so what did it say? what was the title?
are you a trusting person?
do you really know all the words to your national anthem?
thank you miss pretty yourself :]
what's the oldest piece of clothing you still own and wear?
yes i love it. its a funny hobbie and way to express yourself :)
k-pax. watch it :)
would you be willing to commit perjury in court for a close friend? what if your lie would save his life?
girls; have you ever had an accident while on the rag? boys; have you ever peed outside the toilet? (yuck)
i like to talk  yes.
who's the most overrated athlete?
how would you handle if your partner was pressuring you into sex when your not ready?
what time do you usually go to bed?
you can date/marry tabitha! :d
who is your favorite star wars character?
christofer drew  :) hahahar no doubt.
uhh wtf who keeps asking things about who im texting and stuffhahhahahaha.r mclaine. thats who im texting.
the darkest moment of my life was...
not really
i would love to follow him :]r absolutely!!!!!
xentury has been a good sport. he took the nail polish off. shayla is going to paint them again. are you a good sport?
what amazes you the most?
no fucking clue
were you a michael jackson fan?
your welcome :) sureee
never
were you ever a boy/girl scout?
excuse to stand out about something
what song always makes you happy when you hear it?
not that i can remember :d
have yu ever wondered what people would be like without yu ?
everything
idk . good question.
i love you  you are gorgous!
its okay unless it effects free will. but good morals and standards aren't bad to push on a child with no form or structure that needs it.
i have no clue. what makes anyone do the mean things they do? we're all human. humans are confusing.
are you saying you would fight for lindsey  because a lot of people would. your not the first &quot;challenge.&quot;
nope not really  do you?
woot woot got a mytouch today lol just thought id share that with yall
mmm i dont really have a favorite. my gpa used to call me buster. one of my best friends calls me mel. haha those 2 are the only nicknames for me :d unless you want to include bitch whore and slut lol
do you like hugging people when you meet them or are you uncomfortable doing this?
how important does a person have to be before they are considered assassinated instead of just murdered?
kitty face!!!!
do you always trust your instinct?
why thank you<3 i'd like to be your stud ;d
uhmmm depends on the mood im in i guess haha
purple : )
have you ever been to six flags?
ohkay iwill
bra ;)
can you drive a motorcycle?
i would say what freakin mexican is trying to pick me up lol i would have no idea who it is..and i would be thinking what a silly person. and throw it away.
are u a virgin?
idk
who is your idol?
none. i dont have pockets on right now lol
yeahhh me to  except i guess if they were i dont think they would be under my name or whatever  so idk how we would find them
spam
yes i love cheese.
how old were you when you learned to tie your shoes?
if there was a hour extra everyday what would you do in that time?
are you listening to any music right now?  if so  what is it?
thank you :)
karma yes. destiny no.
what is happening around you?
same here :
yes. ive had two years. im on a waiting list for clinicals..which is americas way of being stupid to the people who are trying to get ahead in life..
yessssss. i love to dance :]
sleep late!!duh!
chocolate! bahah!
mhm
.
idk...i personally think makeup is unnecessary because it merely hides natural beauty
have you ever dated someone out of your race?
what was the last thing you made with your own hands?
jupiter gets its name from where?
my 17th. my family went to florida disney world for a week and on the way back they took me to the beach  its what i wanted. i was sick the last 3 days and the entire way home. it was great.
i havent ate fries in a long time!
all the time. haha  unless we're going out. its uhhh more comfy!
awhhh :) good
awh yourr so sweet(: who are youu?
depends if there are little kids about i dont trust lol
when was the last time you went to the beach? where did you go?
umm my 18th? went to dland and bought things that 18+ can buy haha
naw now yew kno
maybe. it would be understandable
are your dreams mostly sweet or bad?
txt me what?? lol
i brokke up withh him .
honesty  respect for your partner
i wish you were bi or lezbian  your pretty :)
nike or adidas?
yes. not sure really. maybe the earth and all the planets are just tiny specs of dirt in a giants pocket somewhere..
dont you hate scarlett though?
dont delete your account!
my computer does that too! &quot;invalid request&quot; haha thanks for all the questions :]
do you believe that the guy should pay on the first date?
what is satan&apos;s last name?
mmmh... my second grade teach mrs. caldwell <3
hi
hahaha who told you that?
a cami and gym shorts :] haha
ohh um this ones really hard lol well i like them all and i spose it was andy but its now bradie i guess haha i would choose them all if i had the choice lol =](i do like shaun to)
yeah :)
both cuz im an arm rest nazi :d
probably not
i can't complain chuz i dnt have or had one! hahaha soon though! real soon! ;
kkkkkk
god.
did/do you listen to your parents?
if you can be in a fairytale.. what story would you choose to be in?why?
:(
would you rather have to live one year as an elf or a mermaid?
why yuh only answered da one thng
why do you think people stalk other people?
what is one item that you really should throw away  but probably never will?
is your brother okay now??
can you name one person who has the same first and last initials as you?
o ok change the subject. well who u cause iam her cuzzin
if you didn't have enough money to get the bus home what would you do?
yes veryy trustin person!!! may i help yuh:!
every other wk or so
nsync or backstreet boys?
frances :)
lmfao shee a stalker dhat bihh saidd who aree yew
te
everywhere :( its awful. ha
my mum
give half to a cancer hospital to help the cancer kids :/ and then juss save the rest and spend it.
my heart/
what does the last text message on your phone say?
...no.
its not a big deal
not showing up in pictures
wonder why im in it? and whos it was
what is the worst prank that has been pulled on you?
what did you do over the weekend?
ive supported a friend that needed comfort.
cooling it !!
if you were stranded on a desert island  which one person would you bring with you?
ever gave a really long apology?
okay so here's another filipino word &quot;mabuti&quot; which means i'm okay :) haha my cousin from ca is here in the philippines now and i kinda have a hangover from teaching him lol
please lol
i did. but now im overwelmed with questions hahah thanks to you! :]
what do you think about formspring.me so far?
because  you like him
how do you get your questions?
i love you like i love to sing. i love you like i love to swim at night. i love you like i love my kitties. i love you like how i love to day dream about you. someday you'll realize i do love you  for now bffls i guess
idk where anything gets its name from. but i would like to name something sometime! :(
if i could __________ then i would.
oh wow your tallllll!! and im like 5'6  and i have a monroe piercing
yes but i hate that so much. i  usually try to make up by saying something funny :)
just kidding :] ahha
why are you not talking to anyone
what last made you laugh?cry?
nationality...tehehehe. im half korean.
hot or cold?
well i think i no who this is.
hmm same thing. i would see i guess though
nahh. i like being a female :]
that's right!! :d
hmmmm.. prolly computer honestly
if you won a $1 000 shopping spree for any store  which store would you pick?
hahaha!!! im the farthest from
well what if i dont have a favorite? what am i supposed to say then? lol
wait. are you cheyenne? i sent a request to you? wait  why is your name tabitha?? r u fake????
never
if you could be a plant  what would you choose to be?
are you a people person?
um probs short stack though i dont no haha i listen to a whole lot of different bands.
if love is blind  why is lingerie so popular?
i do have it hoe<3
do you  play an instrument ?
starbucks guy &quot;it's ten o clock we are closing&quot;  my mom &quot;you're kicking us out&quot;
what is your favorite video game?
yes. all the time :)
i lovee fruit.r but i would say strawberries. no watermelon. berries! blue  rasp  black..ughhh maybe melon. oh lovee apples and bananas. hmmm..pineapple. anything but the little bright red cherries. there imposter cherries. ha
hey!(: im justin
oh wow! how do i know you? :)
well then why did you bring it up?
star girls....haha i was little they were pretty rad actually....u dont get many jumping comps at concerts any more.
well w.e. its obvious he is a player so i think its funny u got played
no. but i bet its cheesey
what did you do last night?
i would buy my mum a house and a car buy me a house and car buy my brothers a car and with the left over money i would go shopping and concerts (i dont no how much all this cost though lol)
have you every used a turn dial phone?
yes
say your driving at night and you see a man on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?
favorite animal?
if you had the chose to be a demon  a vampire  or a elf which would you be?
no but i wanna go their
have you seen titanic?
are you a touchy feely person?
no lol my sister. but that's different
none. im happy without money.  :]
nahhhhh just when its like get a room suckin face all over the place touchy public kissing hah
people.
anytyme
hahahahah yeah sorry :) he is my husband
ever been high/drunk?
ehh no i dont think so. i guess i would rather go up and see all the others that have already passed on and catch up with them. :) i look forward to that eventually :)
what's your second favorite color?
idnt be on da cumputa lyke dat
if you could change one thing in the world  what would it be?
my dad :)
k
what' your favorite blink 182 song?
what youtube video made you laugh recently?
what if it was realllyy hott out?:d still hot brownies or ice cream:o
what experience has changed your outlook on life?
yuppers! nose and cartilage piercings(;
hmm easter. its always within a week or so :)
sam
would you rather be filthy rich with no friends or dirt poor with tons of friends and a dog?
would you ever try to summon the undead?
describe yourself in a single sentence
chrisssy!!??? hahahahah chantelle  alesha kailee? tori?? lmfao iddkkkkk
heyy :d
idk
yeah except i'd be scare it'd eat my face off.
haha i dont have a question just wanted to say hi(:
so whats up?
n!qq @  @r3 yuh  @ v!rq!n ? ! d0n'+ +h!nk yuh !z
did u watch bieber on oprah?
are you a sore loser?
what do you think about men who hit women?
yea all the time
do you still believe to the race concept? like asian black and white are different type of races? or you prefer to use the term ethnic group?
are bi??
not everyday. usually when i wanna pretty or im going out for something special :)
what happened?
quit being mean to me and i will be happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
how many of you like twilight series?
which cartoon character do you resemble the most?
what is the worst thing you have lived through?
yeaaah
yes <3 thanks for asking !
what your fave band?
idk  what is it?
why do people think that swaying their arm back and forth would change the direction of a bowling ball?
if i care about the person lying to me..
hard. seems like with everything. ughh ha
hahahah  okayy! good! 'cause likeee; &quot;he's in looove with audrey!&quot; hahah  jus'sayin'.(: buttt  yeah yeah yeah; allll because of youu. :)
enough for now. im still trying to catch up
vagabond.
ehh idk?
what annoying habits does your best friend have?
i like questions please feel free to ask more.
yea
nope
currently. the 2010 camaro.r its so beastttt :]
vvvvvvvummmmmmmmm
write.
we would go crazy! movies would suck haha
idk hoe get cha own cup of blackberry with a hint of lemon ice tea. dayumm! hahah jk brooke?
look down there....
what's the best part of your day?
is life more meaningful if you live for someone [s.o.]  or living a life to die for a cause for the better of humanity? explain.
do you swear when youu2019re mad?
you've been kidnapped by aliens.  what do they feed you?
thats a lie.
name the hottest girl that you have ever met
dang like 6 or 7 years ago. its been a while..
what do you think victoriau2019s secret is?
nope. probably not. haha
why do you think people give smart ass answers to questions?
twice.
if you won a million dollars what would you do with it?
do you like nevershoutnever
anythanqq
nope.
lol who wrote this :/
lol how ya kno????
ummm probably playing softball for 10 years(:
trick or the mind or trick of the eye?
well i had to put my two cents in [: haha
the dryer eats them.
always wear your seat belt?
your beautiful  and it seems like all the rude comments you get  is all from one person. dont listen to them everyone knows you are the sweetest girl ever and cold never be mean
what turns you off?
i wouldnt know
do i know you?
hey my name is april too! haha. people named april are always cool. lol.
no. lame.
no no!!!!!!!!!!!
has anyone told you a secret this week?
how do you like to celebrate your birthday?
as long as i fucking wanted to be :d
i already answered that
i was dancing in the kitchen lastnight while cooking grilled cheese for timmy and we were laughing about it cause i was doing the robot out of the blue :)
u r soooooooooooooooooooo pretty alexis<3 y r u so nice???????
aha love you too<3
no i dont put ppl in jars but if i want to dispose them nicely i would bury them if i dont i spose i could cut them up in little piec yer i will stop there its kinda gross haha
if you could be born into history as any famous person who would it be and why?
what in your opinion would be the hardest drug to quit?
if you had to challenge someone to a duel of some kind  what your weapon of choice be?
favorite male comedian?
do you take a lot of pictures?
it's only life..by kate voelege
yes for most
i always wonder why those damn rapist that rape lito girls dont just fucken a pay damn prostitute &amp;&amp; fuck them? fuck it kills me to see lito girls dying like that :|
minnie mouse
usually
ahahahaha yer needd yaa phonee<3' ahah &quot;&quot; and our parents were like owww yhu stratched me.!&quot;
if you could attend any concert  what would it be?
call the police prolly
hi!how are you?thanks for spamming
first.
do you have any magazine subscriptions?
guys; why do you think girls pucker their lips in photos? girls; why do you do this?
hey (;
have you ever kissed someone on the beach?
no.
well wat if he asks u out  would say yes or no cause u like pryce :d
what colour is your bedroom painted?
idk dude. why do you call so much haha
how many kids do you want to have in the future?
hey who diz?
are you dating &quot;jbatmann&quot;
yes of course!
ilyke dat..let mi meet yew
who inspires you the most?
i'd like that one explained to me too! i hate being restricted to sidewalks.
are you the person you want to be?
mmmmmm it was awhile ago like idk really. haha but he kept textin me offa dk phone likeeeee 3 weeks ago maybe  buhh dont worry it was just friendly friend stuff haha :) i member how you guys ment ;d
when was the last time your inbox was empty? lol do you remember what an empty inbox likes
no
on a scale of 1-10  how would you rate yourself?
timothy.
kindness to all  or your exiled to the shark sea.
duck tape. it fixes everything.
who is the bestestt ? lol
shutter island for both. paid at the theaters :]
what's the quickest you've fell for someone?
dude like i said your so lucky! no
i need a job hahaha
kum get it
did you do any school shopping yet?
you have a prety name :)
that's all for tonight  peeps.  remember to send me a message in my inbox if you don't want any further questions from me.  :)
laid around with timothy :) watched movies and made each other dinner.
egypt! :)
no freaking way what???
oh visit me if you travel the world kthxbye. xx
im pretty happy too(: lmao   i dont like king at all ! hahaa; i love you too ? u2665
i don't have one anymore i deleted it
i'm jealous of jaybee
last night you felt?
i l o v e y u h h ! ! ! ! (:
cool byee
how often do you check on your formspring?
tabi and everyone else shut up you're beautiful- sam
if you could hear what someone is thinking for a day  who would you choose?
save the dog and plea with my boss i was on the news for saving a drowning dogs life!! too check it out and hope i don't lose my job. if i do...then there are plenty of jobs out there that need a working :) ha
vampire :)
nahh
do you have a boyfriend?<br>
boo tell ur lil groupiee dnt bee textinqq on myy formsprinqq bout yew.
den dats different if she kute but not to skinny
who's small minded and snobby in texas and what made you so mad?
member me? ;)
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja face book- http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=1601024519 i have no clue who this cheyenne is  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
sometimes :]
if a stripper gets breast implants can she write it off on her taxes as a business expense?
http://www.chatzy.com/498131478193 join me in a chatroom
ummm theres alot of memories but none that i can think of at the moment
mr. deeds. hilarious :)
don't have one
&amp;&amp; if anyone gets tired of my questions or just generally annoyed with being spammed please let me know. i am not here to bother anyone! thank you!
haha im not sure  its just natural ;)
you should ask my sister that. shes obsessed with snl.r sweetiepie18 <------------- i have no idea. i dont watch it.
who's the most famous person you've met?
a million :)
have you ever been ice skating?
hi
if you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
one person who have touched your heart the most
well hi :)
shrug it off. :] haha no time to deal with petty bullshiz.
lol thank you dinaaa(:
nooooo.
for sureeee :]
what has caused you the most physical pain?
where does the toetag go on a dead person if they don't have toes?
hahaha dude you're a badass
how's obama as a president?
oh most definantly
how so you spend your christmas eve?
name 1 girl you find pretty.
what? who is this?
san fransisco<3
what's the worst drink ever?
do you enjoy going shopping? if so what type of things do you enjoy buying?
what's your biggest phobia?
do you like carrots?
weirdest pet you have ever had?
nah im just joking
do you find the opposite sex confusing?
does your closest starbucks have a driveu2013thru?
leftttttt :)
no. havent you seen bruce almighty. nobody knows what they really want...?
if your going to ask a question like that don't you think if im going to be honest with you  you should give me the respect of knowing who you are?
violin i think for my bday from my booo
when you packing your stuff to leave and go somewhere for awhile  what is the first thing you make sure you have?
&amp;i love you(:
shut up ur prettty!..ll
hahahahahahahahahaha whyyyyyyyyyyyy?r maybe? he is cute.
yes. yes. and i have the idea of it. as long as i have the paper thatt tells me which numbered spark plug goes where..i could do it :)
what is one thing you can't live without?? :] its me right?
nigggahh i la la la loveeyou(:
yup sure did
hahahaha jealous? why? haha hello!
whn we gonn b 2gether?
oh okaythats good
lol haha how cute is tht? juss keedingg(:
what song best describes you?
enough undies!! :)
doesnt everyone..
its not my bedroom . but tan. blahhh
no haha =]
what's the longest relationship you have had?
haha ;)so.. have u ever been to france?
if you could date any celebrity  who would it be?
i dont mind it because it gives me questions i guess
ballfuck  she's real. get over it. vv
it's fine  i think ima go though my eyes are getting heavy. but  text me when you're off. if i don't reply im asleep.
would you ever save a prostitutes life?
yea >_<
if you won a million dollars what would you do with it?
what color is your hair?
heyyyyyy!!! how u doin!!!!!
umm brian mcfaddern jokes umm umm umm i dont no to be honest so im going with santa reow lol =]
did you have a good day ??
you a sexxyy mommma =)
one weird fact about you
mr. taylor 7th grade english
mes  they can be fun
hahaha ohhhhh  hi :))
carefree  fun  laughing  giggly  silly girl that loved barbies and using her imagination and learning and acting like she was older and more mature than she ever was.. :) haha
i have a whole bunch! :d but the 2 memories i remember currently that are the best are with kelly and ashley. kelly being a kickass weekend filled with fun in slo and ashley being the renaissance faire and the 3oh!3 and cobra starship we went to :d
i never said i liked pryce.
u ever play beer pong?
how do rumors get started?
why do we say &quot;heads up&quot; when we actually duck?
the bs.
..be invisible and punch mean people in the back of the head...
haha i like you to hahaha :)
the important 1 is love  bhut ive given people themselves! like i let my friends have themselves instead of me! it helps to see who they are as a person! very important! viseversa.
sureeee.
ya damn rite
hi  do you like nachos?
i would have to say currently..r my newest pair of brown skinny jeans and this polester teal crazy print off the shoulder blouse :] i feel super pretty in it!
how come sheep don't shrink when it rains?
black or white?
have you ever locked yourself out of a car?
u go to rms?
bien. which is good in spanish. hahaha musta?
baptist but im solo currently with the whole not going to church and all. i hate the overwelming feeling of having to go to church for the preacher  not the reason..god. its whatever though.
don't you hate how people make fake celerbity pages? >.<
are most of your dreams realistic (that it feels like it can actually happen in real life) or non realistic (you flying)?
nope.
who are you???????????????????????????
doodle
are you a registered voter?
yes
does any one say you look like a celebrity? if so who? do u think they're right?
>.< ily haha :)
heyyy. i am downloading songs at the moment. would you mind helping me? write your suggestions to my page  as in right now. :)
no
growl;]
nothing prolly. getting over a sinus infection and upper chest congestion
how is your mom
do you look for quality or quantity?
what's your best trick?
how many licks does it take to get to the center of a lollipop?
:) are you currently happy in your life right now?
do you chew on your pens or pencils?
did you know gaga was on an episode of mtvs boiling point?
they used to be and i like them to be that way but any more with timothy in my life they arent
followed! follow me also :)
the last message was just for people who are being rude if your not disregard!!! :)) sorry if i offended any of you!!!
indeed(: lol
favourite song atm (:
because myspace is dead and fb is overrated. :) plus to expand my brain powers
orange juice
would you ever lick a hobo's foot?
lol funnyy childrenn. but slidinqq babe;!!    (insiderr juss forr yuu mikeyy.)) hmmm let's see let's see.
what are your plans for the rest of the day?
fuck no! i live with a used-to-be sheriff  im careful with the law outside of my home :d
what color is your bedroom carpet?
do you believe there's intelligent life on other planets?
when you looked at yourself in the mirror today  what was the first thing you thought?
could you  would you eat a caterpillar?
what is the funniest nick-name someone you know has?
well it sorta depends on what mood im in  like i cant really choose favorites
how do you make yourself happy?
robot chicken is a funny ass cartoon  in cartoon network for those who dont know :))) i watch it around 12 :))
nope never. would never.
what's your nationality?
ever tried dancing in the rain?
but i know who you likee(:
thankss(:
hahahha thank you :)
a loud shakin' dancing singin toy thats really colorful and makes little ones learn lots of stuff!! :]
you're very annoying
jarrod is god.
are you ready to start school? i am <3.
depends :p
good morning  sunshine! ^^
girls; do you like how you look in a bathing suit? guys; do you like you chick in a one pieec or two piece?
do you make your bed daily?
single!!!!!! gabe saporta has my heart at the moment ( he is the lead singer of cobra starship if you didnt know)
samantha locascio <3 lmao.r but no  i just have that there cuz i like it
my old school shit   i wud sooo throw it away bhut my mom! urgh
if you could be invited to one person's birthday party  whose would it be?
whats the wierdest color you'd ever dye your hair?
wait. are you cheyenne? i sent a request to you? wait  why is your name tabitha?? r u fake????
you just shamed my people tabi.. you like making black rappers feel bad huh? makes you feel powerful? still you rock
are you a trusting person?
what if formspring did not exist?
what's the last play you saw?
..
do you have any scars on your body?  if so  how'd you get them?
hey  hey tabi. i guess you're not supposed to trust dead people! bhhah :d
eating oranges!!!!r cassie i love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what's one thing you hate the feeling of?
yes of course. i would love to be a pirate. always. errrgg.
in what country other than your own would you like to live?
show your face
was the last time your heart pounded like crazy for a good or bad reason?
last night about 11 o'clock
life is never going to be easy.
how do you feel when someone disagrees with everything you have to say?
alrighty !
would you still consider your self as a true friend if you don't tell anyone but you allow your friend to do it? what's your opinion with that kind of a friend?
yes.
hahahahahhahahhaahhahahahah vvv ayee fix yerr infoooo ->>
explore the world   :d
i love you tabi!!! <3 (:
r u g00d at art
what's your worst habit?
hahahaha thanks i think? did you call me beautiful? thats a first <3
summer :]
bugs bunny or mickey mouse?
cajun turkey and melted pepperjack cheese. lettuce. tomatoe. miracle whip/ lightly evenly spread. pickles. cucumber. colby cheese sliced in a circle. &amp;&amp; all layered perfectly on a toasted whole wheat honey and oats bun. deliciousness! :]
i think it would be fun
ohhh your making my life soo hard!!!!!! ummmmm still brownie   wait any flavor of ice cream?????? change my mind. i was thinking plain vanilla but if its any flavor  raseberry cheesecake
can you cross your eyes?
okeyyy honestly now i think this stupid person is just making up stuff cause she/he wont send you the link. probably just trying to create drama and such. maybe trying to make you worry? i dunno. butttt anyways i love you tabilou (;<3
the last thing i want to do before i die is...
the first one :]r if i had to choose.
yes.
aree yhu inlovee ?? if so ... with who ?!!
when was the last time you were at the doctor? why?
we''ll have to make room in the book mom gave you!!!!
if you wanted to look very sexy  how would you dress?
if you could go on a road trip with any person  dead or alive  who would it be and where would you go?
would you kiss the last person you talked to on the phone?
off courrseeee dudee hahahahaha!!!! awhhh lol! i think i love it 2 chuz im in it lol!!!! jk! i love yuh!!
i do yoga. :]
hell yeaaa how'd youu knoww?
what is unbelieveable to you?
do you think that animals dream?
not too often unless im in the car
if you wanna be my lover by spice girls :]
would you like fries with that?
would you ever travel out of state to see a band that you like?
what are you doing this weekend?
lmao! v ( :
what was the worst concert you went to?
....oats<br>
are you afraid of heights?
have you gone nature tripping? if so  where? and how was the experience?
ikno dat grul
have you ever been to georgia<33? :]
do you like to dance?
vans sukka! (:
kkkk :]
fly most definantly.
do you have a bf :)
star wars.
watt yuu meann...?
yeah  i wanna be with someone...
toasted lol wat a random question !
what was the best job you've ever had?
hahaha okay
ummm  im not sure. i guess
if you could bring one character to life from your favorite book  who would it be?
are you a morning or night person?
i'd say honesty
brush my teeth
do you believe in ghosts?
what's the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?
tabi. if you stopped hating on texas everyone from texas will stop getting pissed....so just stop.? it's that easy
entertaiin mhee
how many drinks does it take before you get drunk?
yes  we are.
water!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :]
good morning.
have you broken any bones?  if so  how?
who diz?
who do you remember from idaho
:d
are you in college? what course are you taking?
would you be afraid to find out someone you knew was in a mental hospital before?
yep  stop useing our jokes
are you nice to people you dislike?
bahah yup that you do. but im not gonna tell the whole fuckign world what it is lol
what is the last thing you did before you went to sleep?
if it isn't broken  don't try to fix it :]
yes i do that all the time. haha
haha connnnceidddddeddd much?
hahah helllz yess! i will mamas!!<3 love u!
would you get high with me?
nothing. my boo is studying and im fsing :d
woop i so did that adam turnbull one :) from adam lol! :)
haha well you are the only ninja i know ;)
causes they can't have violence in the kids show. come on you knew that..hahah
babaysitting and lawn mowing until i was of age to get a legal job. and that was a gold star chili the restuarant.
awhh shit dx who your man.?
okay i am done spamming for right now. i will more later tonight. my husband is cooking dinner and i am about to eat. but please spam me back. and i hope you all have a great night! <3 -chloroformgrl
no i don't know anyone and yes i did know that.
i like to think so. :/
nope. ive been lucky
timothy. lastnight for both.
others what?
okay well my computer won't let me ask you anymore question right now emahsnouoy haha so i'll hit you up later? :]
alone and in my sleep
do you take any dare?
i have no idea. haven't seen the commerical.
can you ride a horse?
tabi. you know i like u  but i'm starting to get that u don't like me. i like you alot. justin boy is just some crush  while i'm open right here ready to love u. pryce
lol how ya kno
stephanieeeeey(:
i am done spamming for right now. i am still sort of tired. leave me things. i will spam more later <3
do you go wit anybody at this moment
have you ever been on the guestlist for any event?
pirateesss .
do you like pasta?
do you have one or more britney spears c.d.?
do the alphabet song and twinkle  twinkle little star have the same tune?
what's cute?
no but i should more often im sure
stalker?
:] your fine.
they are yummy
if you could change your name  what would you change it to?
yes i would. i would love the opportunie of saving another persons life. and everyone gets hurt..but is being hurt worth not saving another beings life? i dont think so. i'll save them!! :)
both! i love tea <3
oh most definantly.
no
have you ever cried from being so mad?
what was the last thing to scare you?
yeah. my boo just did but only cause ive been laying around like a hermet crab sick as a dog for the last couple weeks.
easy short stack<3
elmo. cause he laughs so much =d
i am going to go to bed now. i still ahve alot of stuff on my mind. ehhh... well have a good/day. <3 leave me things.
favorite brand of clothes?
if you could put somebody on a postage stamp  who would you choose?
stalkerrrr
not really
w3n yuh l0$t y @ virginity!
are you good at giving directions?
bravest? idk off the top of my head. im pretty brave but idk if ive really had to opportunity to be brave yet....
who is ur lover???
okay. will do :)
lolss yew nastyy
bright room or dark room?
nope. i don't want to be a doctor. only a nurse. traveling nurse actually :]
ewwiee! nothing haha(:
marissa nicole gomez!(:
yogurt!! and blueberry :]
ianit flaw so juz chill
did you ever get in trouble for talking in class?
what brand of shampoo and conditioner do you use?
do you like ketchup?
do you feel weird being around people you do not know?
tabithaaaaaa i love youuuuuuuuuuuuuu <3
i didn't say the question after the one about texas!! i promise! and i was just joking around......because u strongly dislike texas!!
lmfaoo wow
im sooo hungry now. idk of any right now haha im eating grapes.
what do you do when you have alot on your mind?
juno  sweet november  mr. deeds :]
have you ever ran with scissors in your hand?
would you rather date a lot of different people  or be in a committed relationship?
sometimes if im looking forward to gettin the call from that particular person.
yes. standing over the border line. ive been in ohio and indiana at the same time :)
favorite board game?
ummmmmm  i would like to move back to idaho falls because it was really pretty and i miss all my friends.. but i guess california or new jersey or new york would be cool. :) p.s. who is this? i love the questions
what were you like as a kid?
nope
if you had a big win in the lottery  how long would you wait to tell people?
have u evr listened 2 a song repeatedly just b/c it reminded u of ur crush?
yes
i know alot of pretty people.
crap this is hard  haha umm &quot;people need inspiration&quot;- the last song <33
not too often.
scorpion as long as i wouldnt die
i guess the other people in it?
stupidity.
hells yeah you go back!
do you miss your hometown?
hahahah what
oh god um um um um maybe london =] i dont no somewhere where there is alot of clothes =] =] =]
guess who  r u obsest wiv short stack
if you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
yes :)
how does freddy kruger wipe his butt?
do you like traveling? how often do you think you ride in a car?
i love you tabi!!!!
well i do now :p
what is answer you hate hearing?
what award would you love to win and for what achievement?
ahahaahahahaha. yourr a funny kid.
positive :]
uhhh not really anything.
i have no idea. but its prolly because of where our priorities lay.... compared to the others that dont think. where are theirs?
something to make me money.....like lots of money.
:) hey thank you  that means alot. is this who i think it is?r but really thank you
give me a hint :)
im pretty fit :)
i haven't been online for like three weeks hhaha
if drugs had no bad effect on your health...would you do them?
umm like; sure(x
committed  i want to like one girl cause then i will know for sure that she is the one((: <3
r u &amp; frances still talken?
what do you know about the.illumanati
fuck yes i think i am! haha
yep  and p.s. my phone died im lazy to charge it
honestly i don't know yet. i will find out in a few months(:
janet son of a gun. haha
along came polly. cause its funny
someone still needs to read someone one her poems >:(  (smiley is not pleased)
im going to spam anonymously k? you down?
im a ninja if that helps
i think there good :) i like most of your questions most of the time hahaha
nope
errmm...harry potter? lol
do you think parents are too hard on kids these days?
do you think you could make it in the woods with just camping supplys for a week? {no cellphone.)
do you think gays are more stylish than girls? why or why not?
omg really i never noticed lol =]
when ever you go to google translate  dont use it!!! trust me....
ohio  usa. and its pretty rad :]
are my questions boring?
what was the weirdest thing you have seen?
yeah when it first came on but not anymore at all
i think everyone does
1  no 2  idk..???? help me out give me there myspace  3. no i use to live in idaho but i recently moved to texas.4. i have plenty of pictures at my school  home old home whatever and plenty of videos.5 my pics are in photo bucket???
im pretty fucking skilled then :d
purple
do you eat cheeseburgers?
hey if ur reading this i dnt know if u were following me or not but if u were i think i deleted all my followers so could u follow me again thanks
dont even try <3 haha
no. i suck.
ohh man i bet its tha shit!! ohhkayy!(: be safe have fun!! <33
you can only have one kind of sandwich. every sandwich ingredient known to humankind is at your immediate disposal:
lmfao! haha! nahh its my badd;)
if you could make one person fall in love with you who would it be?
how would a world without music affect us?
yeah !
have you had an std be honest? im sure half of y'all have.
what are you having for dinner? who is cooking? do you cook your own dinner?
blue bear  or purple penguin?
have you ever cheated in a relationship?
my hearing aids as they help me hear the smallest things like crickets :d family as they will always be there for me:d and god  even tho ive been struggling with my faith lately i know he will help me and wouldnt give me anything i cant handle
how many times do u take a bath in a day?
what character from a movie most reminds you of yourself?
nope
i did. and then realized i dont get on my account enough to follow a bazillion people and keep them all posted up on my life. so i deleted it. r so im sticking with formspring :]
i found you on jensens thingie. i cant really see your picture but i guess your cute?
wet the toothbrush or brush dry with the toothpaste?
the guy at lunch at ur table at school who u hang out with and talk to he is hot
how do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
huh? they love animals so they dont eat them but they do gotta eat one way or another lol
hmmm.. its a tie. i loved all the bailey school kids series and dr. suess books. but the bfg. all time favorite childhood book.
do yooh lite it upp ma?!
tim.&amp; i dont think men are hot.
:)))
why nott secret person(:
okay
myspace for the freedom of creativity :] and facebook for the social aspect.
you tell me :p
where do you buy your groceries from?
nahh its humorous usually
usually going to my brothers baseball games :) then all day outside!!! my favorite <3r rollerblading or finding a new park and then out with the boyfriend usually to eat and then doing something..from a movie to going grocery shopping haha
they laughed alil too much i guess
no but i so wanna go this year!
how would you describe  in your mind  the greatest guy in the world? what would he be like? what would he do with his time?
do you think we will find another life form in your life time?
was jesus a virgin when he died?
i dont no tomato sauce
do you eat all the servings in the food groups on a daily basis?
it really depends on my mood and the type of people im around. im very good at starting conversations but if im around someone else thats doing a lot of talking  i may just be a bit backwards cause i don't like to steal the light :)
thank you(:
jesus!
i like learning french  how about you? =)
idkkk!!!god?! not understndin this ? srry its like 3am hah
do you like tom cruise movies?
have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits?
yes it is lots of fun :) i wouldn't mind learning latin. its a dead language of course but apparently there are a lot of good things you can get out of latin and a bunch of things are based on it.
this one and the one about boys at six flags flirting with you that were older  yeah that's too
yes
dance the robot. :]
hahaha im pretty sure he has a girlfriend  and even if he didnt there are sooo many pretty girls than me.
jack.
in between. i have a boyfriend that likes to contribute to my cleaniness with his messiness.
i think she got u on myspace
dont be silly  wrap ur willy! lol
r how much do looks matter to you in a guy/girl?
if you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?
corona lights :d
i love cheese cubes.
if uranus had earthquakes would they be called uranusquakes
cremated because i wanna be spread in the ocean.
has anyone ever taken a picture of you while you were asleep?
what wood yuh do fo meh???
what happens when you put a lightsaber in water?
in your opinion  is being argumentative a positive trait or a flaw?
give it back to them. i don't really hate anyone..
idk haha maybe beowulf:]
i think the death jokes are worse.
can bald men get lice?
smile. eyes. complection
yesssssssssssssss :d
youuur daddyyy  <3
what do you think makes a person snap and kill someone?
shh....dnt tell any1 k? haha! nothing! mwah!
i've had a lot in the last year.
not really
don't be anonymous. share your name :]
great  yours?
depends on who their spying on.....
tv cuz i can always find my shows online :d
hmm  foohl  i said dont approve xd
do you have any concerns at this moment?
how well do you handle rejection?
why do we yawn when we see other people yawning?
lala
yes but it was for the good. they meant a  lot to me at the time  but at the time i was being a stupid girl. :l
ummmm..
haha damn the ninja thing gave it away
when you feel like you accomplished things you wanted to do and had the time of your life
both .
i cant tell you that because it would give it away...but i didnt know you personally last year...
usually i can.
your gorgeous :)
a what?
what would you like to have named after you?
anything your parents should know about?:
what's the best invention ever made?
yes. and that movie is hilarious btw. :) i would not be living there first off.....hahaha but i would trick them somehow. tell them of a better place on a landfill reserve.
y0 v @q!n @ sm3ll lykk c0tt @q3 (h33s3
what's your favorite music genre?
yes :)
never. i hate that.
nope. but i wink at timmy sometimes :]
haha!! it is haha lol!! man i hvnt even gotten 2 dat part yet! fml hah
what is your guilty pleasure disney movie?
yes i have. not the newest one with will smith's kid and the chinese boys pickin on him but i have all the others with the white kid  hahaha there all great movies :)
thank you! oooooohhh hot brownies right out of the oven :d
like 4 or 5
they didnt'
live life love
yea it's different from warm cali  but's cool :d weeeell gtg now :| gonna meet some friends i a few minutes lol.bye :] xx
you can only have one kind of sandwich. every sandwich ingredient known to humankind is at your immediate disposal:
whats yo fav position
heyy!
dina!(:
i know! seriously! whoever they are obviously doesnt have the balls to tell me to my face or at least tell me who they are lol
what happens to an irrisitable force when it hits an immovable object?
ummm idk i do and i dont haha
hobbies
where in ohio are you from?
-haa you guessedd righhtttt:dr its maryyyy(: ahhh ilovee this picture!!!!!!!!!! mayb becuase youhr in it babe<3
silliest. idk haha im pretty silly all the time
lol i lovee youu too!<3
sometimes
no i live on my own :)
have you watched karate kid? i watched it yesterday  it's a very nice movie :)
lay out and swim :)
well any planet in the universe would involve planets that aren't named to me yet...therefore yes i would :) love to go to a planet we've never heard of!! haaha yes i would live there.
crazyness.
because she is an amazing person  and i hope that she would agree with me when i say we're &quot;close friends&quot;...
what part of louisiana was you born in?
oh wow haha i just read that  guy/girl's(?) poem love how my name is in it i feel honored jk
well thats just too bad now isn't it? [;
be honest: do you have a song by ozzy osbourne in your library?
ahaha
not at all. well i guess with timmy i am. he'll get me anything lol but not when i was a kid.
who are yew??
give me your number<3 ;)
ow much cash do you have on you?
the  way people are to each other.
yesh
do you know a alcoholic?
i want ________ to be my sister.
doihknowyuh?r andyuhrlike...spammingmyfs.
uhhhhh? who is this?
yeahh
whats your iq?
u would call me coz i said so and im extremely bored mwhahahaa  im guessing angel but i met more ppl on that day so it could be anyone....
random song of the day?
yes. i think it should be made into a cologne/
is love really blind? why or why not?
haaa its all qud  sorry abouht the &quot;hoe&quot; thinq  iwas mad lol
whre do u wanna go 2 college
he is a really good friend
whats ur favorite band?
cough drops. deodorant. glasses case.
florida and yea
if there&apos;s an exception to every rule  is there an exception to that rule?
your very pretty.
is it legal to travel down a road in reverse  as long as your following the direction of the traffic?
hmm i wonderr? maybee my babeyyboy<3
are you a risk taker? if yes  what kind of risks had you taken? if not  why not?
it's been a while. prolly like 6 months or so..r which is pretty good being that i turned 21 on the 17th ;)
toilet paper.
shouldn't the opposite of shut up be shut down?
are you foing out???
i don't ive always liked kylee sooo get outta my bisnatch!!!
do you love justin?
hahaha  it kinda seems like it's one person just repeatedly asking you if you're fake to irritate you. they're a low life  who need to find better things to do than start crap on the internet with someone they're jealous of (;
haha  i knowww.r i was kiiddding!
aww thanks a ton. but honestly what?
whats you favorite movie of all time
maybe 2
why do people always think something can't happen to them  until it does?
i know  i know  i know! :)
i dont ever rememeber peeing my pants?
chocolate or vanilla?
how many true best friends do you have?
sweeeeeeeeeeeet
hhahahaha okay :) nice opinion.
nope neva did
waaaiiiitttt what?
boxers or briefs... or boxer briefs lol
what is more difficult for you; looking into someones eyes when you are telling someone how you feel  or looking into someones eyes when they are telling you how they feel?
i think serious enough
hmmm thats a good question
im not completely sure but i would probs have to say off air or here in ur arms.
the upkeep of downtown. its beautiful in what you can find in an innercity but the horrible the way it gets soooo run down by the next year or so. its sad really.
who was the last person to call you?
do you like your name?
yes actually :) you feel pretty awesomely special when your walking in. hahha
faveee timee - sport ?
definantly. i just haven't found anyone like me.
are you sick of hearing about michael jackson yet?
does it bother you when someone says they'll call you and they don't?
did you french kiss before you were 16?
we're all human. its in some ours genetics i believe.
ha  yeah  cleveland rocks! where was your first kiss?
what is your best birthday memory?
very much so when it comes to things i believe in or think i should stand up for..
are your underwear and socks folded in your drawer or just thrown in?
are yuh single and ready 2 mingle?!
what famous person do other people tell you that you most resemble?
uhhmm. myself(:
haha me too  haha iloveyouutoobabyy<3;d
i have many! 2many actually bhut i guess when i found my lifetime friends ;d
st8
yes. duh? ha
are you and  @truace best friends?
do you get excited over cameras?:
lol how many?
probably just the movie itself
noooooooooooooo you dont have a name
yup yup!!:p
if you could be a bird  what would you choose to be?
actually  ihdontmind..goahead
remembering. but i have some crazzyyy dreams haha
its frmo south park lol
yeash yew do lolss
have you ever dreamt about something more than once?
oo i gotchu yeah. manee
what one thing are you exceptionally good at?
im 30 u
very generous.
what do you think about people who dip? like chewing tabbacco
im still in love with my first love.
star trek or star wars?
how often do you go braless?
have you ever had a &quot;cub&quot; sandwich?
idk.
what does shaving cream taste like?
i likey.
the love of my life :]
dina?
why do people fear for no reason in your opinion?
if you could be on the cover of any magazine  which would you choose?
when timmy gets home :)
whare do you live? which countr i mean lol ^_^
wow... someone wants to smell your feet???
my boyfriend
nope :)
do you get mad when people lie to you?
okay  welll the question that was asked was if i was fake  as in useing someone else pictures off the internet. and really i take that as a compliment because all the people who are ''fake'' i think look reall pretty soo stfu.
does a &apos;marks-a-lot&apos; marker  mark any more than a regular marker?
do you ever count your steps when you walk?
hahahahha :)
i would probably make it so the people in my family were happy.
rice :] haha
what annoys you most about living at home with your family?
if its someone that
if you could go only to one restaurant for the next five years  which would it be?
do you have two formsprings me? because i'm following a different account and it's still you? haha
tell me who it is cause i really don't know?
kaylas house...
.
name something you bought on your last trip to the store.
omg who wrote this? and umm please dont ask that again lol hes 21 im 14 :/
good night every one ! ! spam me and i will do the same ** kisses **
have you ever been bitten by a spider? if yes  what happened?
do you think letting go means you love best?
define what a bitch is haha
when can i see u again?
how many cartwheels can you do in a row?
the cheesey kind
after the viewing of said video footage who sees it next?
are you easily offended?
well idk who youu are ? so ..hha im afraid of strangerrrs.
two.
leeme' get choo' numbaa ;)
why is it that some of us are cursed to constantly think? while on the other hand other people so rarely do so?
do you remember your dreams?
yua gt dat liil &amp;&amp;h.b.m. fwum me yua needa cool iit
i dont hate her  i just dont like somethings she does  doesnt mean those jokes arnt ourss?
im a lover not a fighter.
spam time :))) my questions can be a bit too much so if your not comfortable tell me to unfollow you! thanks
what's your ethnicity?
what's your secret?
hm i don't have one
sunset :]
a boa knife by the bed. a in thick lead pipe under my end table and i guess anything thats around..my laptop cords to strangle or we have wood chisels that would take out an eye lol
if you're in college or graduated from college  what is/was your major?
does it annoy you when people kiss in public?
oil spill  and world peace and world hunger :] i know thats 3 but i cant choose lol
why do you think people lie?
hot cheetos :d oh! and el torito salsa :d
i would call it being curious   but naah(: aree you ?
my bedroom door.
what do you like best about formspring?
yes if i was starving. theyre filled with lots of juicy vitamins.
name 3 cheese products you like.
hmmm im not sure.
the last song you listened to?
if u got out of a relationship 3 months ago can you still say you just got out off a relationship?
what the hell.
haha what?
water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
do you ever think humans will be satisfied?
of course i can(:
profile song!!!
when someone says that something&quot;just&quot;happened  what is the time period that comes to mind?
i don't know what an ocean park is.. but if it counts  i've went to seaworld twice :]
what would you consider a serious question?
what is the strongest emotion a human has?
why'd you go to jail?
name a movie or movies you can watch over and over?
last night. me &amp; my boyfriend went to the store and i started pickin up all kinds of things to buy and was like what the heckk did i even come here for!! :/ haha thank goodness for my bf having his head on straight.
hello :]] sup? ;p
everyone judges. maybe not conciously but all humans unconciously judge even its only for a second. :] no worries i say i dont judge either. haha
longest relationship?
hell yahh(; lol i love you too babeyyygirl<3 no matterr what
would you consider yourself to be fashionable?
are you reliable?
nothing. sorry im uninteresting currently haha ive beens ick
to the corner of it and cry :d
haha yeeee im awesome(:
justin bieber.duh. &amp;&amp; russia! ;]
...........999 a girl?? lol oh god why did u make me so stupid??
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
have you saved a life?
yes lol
more than ever
go back to sleep and hope its a dream hahahahahha
which is your favorite day of the week? why?
never.
have you ever spent an entire day in bed without being sick?
have you ever cheated during a game?
who du u like
have you ever found a four leaf clover?
nopee. its been a while actually lol
tell me something about you that most people don&apos;t know.
correction.........sex..........its not rape if i enjoy it ;) lol
haha sureee
how many languages do u speak?
yes i would(:
actually i do!!! just my whole experience with this fake a$$ friend!!</3
theodore. he always gets yelled at :)
what's your favorite kind of flower
do you own shirts with funny sayings on them? if so  which is your favorite?
the way i want to lol :]
how many times were you on the phone to someone today?
fav outdoor activity?
ha! goin to georgia just to see my dad's mother! ugh i cnt stand her bhut god bless her soul! long life story! haha
nigga u fresh as fuck.!
helllo :)
buncha dream questions...hahaha r r its a mix of both real and nonrealistic..mostly weird once again.
a neckalce given to me by my love(: <3333
yes i think so
has anyone told you a secret this week?
kkkkk i think ive got this message like 18 times already haha
with candles and a few good friends and family :]
starbuckks!!!!(:
who is the most annoying celebrity?
if you had a ghost what would you want it to do?
nice. rub it in hahaha
if a book on &apos;how to achieve success?&apos; is a failure  is it a success?
what would you do if someone said they hated you  to your face? :o
what are the 6 impossible things before breakfast?
heyy ghurrr!!! wuzz upp!! haha nuttin much just busyy!! hbu ma?
he has actually. and i thought if we were ggoing to keep conversating you would reveal your anonymousness. you know you asked buncha ppl bout their feet..lol
who was the last person you hugged?
lol i knew wat u were talking about i say that to anyone that ask lol and no =]
whats my birthstone?
do you listen to music every day?
like twice a month
i have before. but its been a while. i can do anything :)
what's on your desktop?
sorry i think you left the book in the stands  get the joke right if your going to take it love :)
do you really care what people think about you? if so  why?
do you like adtf
put my towels back on the fckn rack! lol im 2 lazy 2 do it bhut it looks trashy when i keep it on tha floor.
do you like like that ''jaybee alexander''??
is obama the president the we all ever wished for?
you're most certainly welcome :) would it be alright if i were to send you a text message? ;d
who was your first celebrity crush?
what music video would you like to appear in or would have appeared in?
mhm..
what do you dislike the most?
ohio
aah  he seriously is! butttt i guess thats okayy! i love him too. :) andd  yeahh; pretty muchh! no doubt about it. (:
no because then u will know who this is.
seeing all the people that have passed away and just living for yourself and not the worldly pleasures like money and sex and blahhh bull crap
what is your biggest accomplishment?
ey r u cheyenne? i thought u live in montana?????
chocolate or vanilla?
ewww i hate that stuff :p
how old are you before it can be said you died of old age?
name 3 drinks you regularly drink?
really its black if u see it the scientific way how interesting lol
favorite christmas movie?
are you a leader or a follower?
yes. my sis usually
lol yea you are
formspring.me/aleak    please!!!
have you ever made someone so mad that they broke something?
a different place. utopia.
people actually remembering you mentioning male attention specifially; &quot;six flags blah blah&quot; and what not is kind of creeeeepy! and i sense major jealousy. i guess boys don't flirt with them? pathetic. --sam
what can you say about kurt cobain? impress me.
lyrics for you should have killed me when you had the chance adtr
ohio  usa
do you prefer to work independently or on a team?
tell me about something you really care about?  xd
how do you make holidays special?
what would be the single most worst thing for you to hear?
mhm
not in the shower but i do in the stand up tanning beds hahahha
l o v e broccoli. cheesey broccoli hahaha
was there anything unusual about your birth?
would you give a homeless person money or food ??
idkk... mwauuuhhh!(:
thanks :) i think you would too! i just dont because im not wrapped around the hs drama anymore. therefore im not in it..so oh well.
what do you think of the saw movies?
hi!
elequant. its how i do. haha dress nicely. i don't really dress myself to get other guys attention. i like to look pretty is all
what is your all time favorite comedy movie?
do you listen to christian rock?
if you could know the future but not change it would you still want to know what it is?
favorite color?
do you think that a size 10 is fat? i'm trying to be a size 5 by the end of the year.
do you fear or respect the law more..why do you say that?
well thank you :] you are too!
not good  i don't like being teased ;)
dont have phone sex.....you could get hearing aids...or dont be silly wrap ur willy.
idnt think ya ready for it !!
no komment
what was the last movie you saw in the theater? what was the last movie you paid to see?
hmm i love the beatles :]
yeah. money i love finding it too
hmm. celebrity? idk. ummmm perhaps  jennifer anniston because she's always trying to do something with the earth and helping others.
can someone honestly be thinking about nothing? (i don't think it's possible but that could just be me.)
well i am off for right now. as i said i am still deciding on deleting this account and quitting spamming. have a good day <3
hmmm..the second one i guess. but id have to go cammando.
do you collect people in jars? if so what type of people and why? if you wont put bodies in jar's how else do you intend on disposing of you're victims bodies? ask a question back? :)
what is your favorite salad dressing?
because banks are not trees
we have exits ramps that are for getting on and off at the same time  when most states have them separate. most people don't realize that :) haha
no. i think its pretty lame and would be annoyed if it happened to me
its da shit! fun stuff
what is your guilty pleasure disney movie?
yeah if i tried.
lol ummm idk i like alot of them :d
do any of your friends have children?
if you had to throw away either your tv or your computer  which would you choose?
jesus.
yes
yep
ummmm idk haha
heyllo.(:
why do most people feel the need to be better than someone else?
hahahahahahahahahahaha people these days
quit trying to make everyone feel sorry for you
if a bald person works as a chef at a restaurant  do they have to wear a hairnet?
if vegetarians love animals so much  why do they eat all their food?
no
harry potter or lord of the rings?
are you single?
both :)
what is one thing you will never do even if paid too?
ummmm you outta know ;)
i love youuuuuuu (:
which is the song that makes you cry?
would u ever go bungee jumping like justin did?
what movie that you would like to watch over and over again? why?
the one im in now. one year and 3 months
lol what's this with people asking you about smelling your feet? and apparently  in an even stranger twist  someone already has smelled your feet?
awww man you just reminded me! i wtch it sometimes bhut i love big mike! pplz are really wrong bout letting katie go!! argh . .
idk
idk haha thanks but there are always those that are cuter.
do you shower in the morning or at night before bed?
give mi ur myspace
why do doctors leave the room when you change? they're going to see you naked anyway.
:))
what is another word for &quot;thesaurus&quot;?
we are family.
dude thank you sooo much  that's what i've always wanted!!! haha
nope  time is not of essence to me
nope. i used to but then i deleted it because i liked formspring more and didn't have many followers on it.
one place you'd like to explore the most ? :d
no i dont think so. i think it would prolly get lonesome watching everyone you grow to care about die and go on with out you. knowing that you'll never die.
ewww why would you wanna know this shit
do you like atlanta  ga ?
i would say ok.
are you still shy to talk about sex??
its been a while
hey  hows yah momma?!
do you leave voice messages?
what do you question the most in life?
i really like dane cook
yes :)
the nicest thing someone has ever done for would probaly be  when sam my sister just told me for no reason that i was a really good person and stuff
if you were a toy  what toy would you be?
if you bumped your car into another car  but nobody saw you do it  would you leave your name and address?
girls - do|have you cheered? guys - do|have you played football? :]
sometimes i do
what is one unique thing about you?
where did you learn how to drive? i learned in the freeway lol i was paranoid as fuck!!!
any plans to become a doctor someday?
1 being least? then like 2. ive watched horror movies that scared the shit out of me lol
do you really  truly miss someone right now?
at the same time...... whaaaaaaaaaat? lol
when people ask you questions
hmm..i dont think so
what was the last gift that you gave someone?
have you ever bowled a strike?
any time i think about doin that i forget im counting and then by the time i get to the end im like dang it!! haha
brah u noe britteny french bi-sexual she said she not do u believe her?
after you have a dream  do you mostly wake up remembering it or not?
what is the most impressive thing you've ever done or been a part of?
do you dance in the shower?
haha ummm  6th grade. like the middle of the year but i only wore them sometimes cuz i only had one pair. now its all i wear since 7th
what does music do for you?
folded
both. but usuallly make them
where were you born?
who do you like?
who's the most talented person you know?
keep my mind busy. paint. draw  write. lay out and tan  clean  blahh lol
nothing else to do in life.
i went to a wedding party this saturday! :] it was fun. i danced a lot ahhaha
did you talk to someone until you fell asleep last night?
have you ever seen someone who you knew had herpes? what was your reaction?
do you prefer chinese or mexican?
no im not ya rite !!!
yes. love it
so hows life in your neck of the woods?
one? ive done lots of fun things. i go to parks and rollerblade. ive been to panama beach with 6 other girls for vaca. i got to spend an entire weekend with my family this past weekend. i paint colorful paintings...lots of fun things
nahhh. they're just curious
<3 i love you  you're so beautiful.  i wanna be your boyfriend too.
any makeup tips? i suck at doing my makeup lol
woah im jealous  well hey stranger :)
not at all :) look away haha
ahahah ndd ii lovee mee alott off myy lil floricell(: <33
do bald people get dandruff?
if you were an animal what would you be?
how many questions are in your inbox? :)
wait. are you cheyenne? i sent a request to you? wait  why is your name tabitha?? r u fake????
i lovee you too mamszz(; lol
no regrets . truly and ive done some stupid things but i wouldnt be where i am now without them :]
concert you went to that you will never forget?
have you ever had a secret admirer? (what did he/she do for you)
something that happened today that made you angry?
timothy. because he would prolly be following behind the cop car waiting in the waiting room for me already.
least? someone that got mad  hurt  or upset because of me
ewwwwwweyy.
orange. bright orange.
ummm no. im not bored enough to do that haha
what age would you like to have kids?
ohh mann this is a great ? chrissy michelle savannah aj bianca and lotss more + you!<33
whats the last thing you do before going to bed
lovely day in with my family :]
what's your biggest phobia?
oh yess hahaha!((:
yes. raccoon. and i freaked. it was coming onto the expressway. only thing ive ever hit and plan on hitting. haha
are you silly or serious?
nope
favorite alcoholic drink
mmm
would you find a lighter in your room if you were to look right now?
hahahahahahahahahaha........................ :)
the most ticklish part of your body is..
hahhahahahahah i love you.r markers! a new blue and a new purple one. please :dr crayola :)
suree might be a bit cuz im on thaaa phone
hold my hand? hahaha
y do u even like him
have you ever had chicken pox?
i was 18
shore am :] timothy carson.
love it :]
what's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?
ello (:
do you have any tattoos?  if not  any plans to get one?
laugh out loud
sheos  hate  medication
are you a morning or night person?
if u live forever wat do u live for?????
hahah thankyou :)
wow. this is a hard 1 i dnt think ive had 1 or i have many! i love my smoothies tho! yummie!
hahha your fine :) i like your questions.
sometimes hehe :]
its good. i like how she incorporated her life in her newwest album. after her having a kid and all..
yes. i worked at a hospital and i feel i contributed to saving a lot of lives :)
would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
school...kinda
do you generally believe people when they telly ou sorry? or do you question it?
the illuminati ;they can suck my dickk .
its so long to explain. lol i have weird dreams that totally blow me away when i wake up. thats all ill leave it at. haha my mind is very creative sometimes . it suprises even me lol
n e v e r.
i dont know if the mean comments really stopped  i think you just stopped replying. and personaly i think that makes you the bigger person. you inspire me:)
can you go underwater without holding your nose?
yes.
ew you shat public? xd
i live with my boyfriends family and i think that explains it enough
even if you save it  your always going to eventually spend it. so to make good out of it   i'd spend it right away!! :]
do you like cats?
not at all
hip hop
have you ever been cow-tipping or snipe-hunting?
when it matters
usa.
i can't stop watching carrie underwood clips!!! im listening to cowboy casanova rite now!!!! :) i am soooo excited!!!! omg
yes. when and where?
nope.
sorrrrrrrrrrry.
hmmm..yesterday. my boyfriend and he was being mean. like always... :(
do u like krista?
thanks
kkk?
yeppppppppppppppppppp
beach.
what website do you spend the most time on?
who are you? :-)
do you think you're fat?
a l w a y s : ]
are children who act in r rated movies allowed to see them
did you know gullible was written on the ceiling?
i love doggies :) and not right now. at my parents i do. if that still counts when you no longer live with them. but yes :) they are bull mastiffs. pure bred. akc registered. sweet looking dogs. :) haha
do strangers try to talk to you too? (one old drunk dude just struck up a convo with xen at the store.)
can you do a cartwheel?
yeeesss so much
thank you. nice to know im not alone :) haha
what would your perfect day look like?
bomb the white house.
car accident :/
do you think that society has become emotionally detached?
do you like politics?
what is your ideal date?
whats the stupidest thing you ever did with your cell phone?
ikrr that wud be awesome!!! i wish ;d
why do people kill themselves if a certain person does not love them?
do more people know u by a nickname or by your first name?
nahhh
okay :)
who is friends with the old ladie at the bus stop lol
where does most of your family live?
what is cool&amp;hot  and only as smart as the person using it?
http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=c1o6s
i would tell th
do you believe in karma and destiny?
uhmmm ?
my sister. :0
hey!
jennifer aniston/vince vaughan
how people are endlessly cruel to one another
lol possibly
no.
i am off for the night. i hope you have agreat one! i will talk to you people tomorrow morning before my family shows up. <3
nope im secretless.
what does your last text say?r
i dont think so. a bug a few times lol when im riding my bike but thats about it.
why did you make a fs account?
nahh
have you ever done one of those &quot;win free stuff&quot; things?
uhm.i would make it her night and she would get to go anywhere she wanted to go(:
i dont watch tv much  especially in the warmer months.r but if i were to be strapped to a chair and placed in front of a television. it would be how its made or the animal planet :]
have u seen justin bieber in person? (:
have you ever eaten chocolate in bed?
phsycology. i like to learn about the brain
have you ever had a poem or a song written about you?
do you have a lot of friends?
hello.
hahaha  someone said like the same thing to me vvvvv 'cause i'm &quot;married&quot; to chris xd
kk
do you prefer hot coffee  iced coffee  or neither?
going to idaho and go to see my idaho friends is the same thing. so pick a different wish
i would say. cool im adopted?!! haha and then say welp that was a shocker. and go on with life. cause its not by blood who is your parents. its who took care of you all your life and cares for you and loves you! :)
123 or 789?
name everyone that made you smile this week
yup sure can :)
do you eat jello when you are sick?
nursing :]
what did you think when you found out snape could have been harry potter's father?
your perfect.
sureee. let me catch up with my inbox but i'll get too you!! ;)
i hate that so much
sunrise or sunset?
i dk what spaghetti bolognaise is? haha enlighten me????
okay ha
if i had i a lot of $$$$ i would probably ____________.
where'd you find out about formspring.me?
my independence.
floor.
nope. dont mock good sir.
between a man and a woman  who cheats more? why?
if you could lose one emotion  which would you like to lose?
do you like to touch sharp objects?:
on roads?
what's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
i have already. theyr'e aswesome.
nope. i don't eat much meat actually but i don't think i need to label myself to eat what i want when i want it. lol. i lovee me some veggies <3
think of a movie that starts with the letter k
pfftt!! nahhh i hve never been outta this country!! argh! hve yuh?! haha
i love roller coasters!! :]
hey you know that smurfet is the only female smurf... do you think shes a hoe?
numb by linkin park
pokemon yes or no?
nope im not bianca either:) heres a clue...i come from new zealand;) lol
so i just hadda say this
when you were little did you ever ask your parents to buy you an umbrella rainbow hat? i did haha!!!
yuh areee!!!<3
i'll send you the links. when i get on my laptop i'm using my phone. she has a facebook  myspace  and my yearbook
of course! i sure would :)
veryy intelligent :]
nope. hah that'd be a good story to tell though if i did
are good  im in a cookie club :)
the yellow one!
hahah why?
third arm :) i think i could do so much more haha
yes sure am :)
if you could rid the world of one thing  what would it be?
hey?
have you ever pranked your parents?
did watch heroes? who was your favorite character? what was your favorite power?
have you ever been arrested?
nahh
what's one thing you own that you should probably throw away  but never will?
what advice can you give to a person who is so insecure of you?
do you like wild parties with lots of people?:
do you own slippers?
heyy. i've been offline fer three days. what did you do while i'm gone?
ur a cutie :d
u30c4 you come across a zombie eating a waffle on a popsicle stick holding a dark green toothbrush. what do you do? o o lol u30c4
yeahh. im over this convo  on to th nextt onee! ahahaha. hello.
ignorance is reallly annoying. im guessing your meaning my anger? soo yeah i cant stand rudness. its not necessary and i can totally rip a persons head for trying to degrade another. it drives me crazzzy :0 haha
what is happiness to you?
im just a littla down  its okay :)
what's up?
can you pls ask me some questions? :)
how would you describe your personality?
do you wear mental chains?
he could would he get it is the real question
i am going to be off here for a few days cause of family and other reasons. leave me stuff. i will return it. once again if you don't want to be spammed just tell me. thanks.
? no?
so you said you were on your way like an hour ago  you only live like 15 min away..where youu be? ;d
where would you most like to live?
stretch your left arm out as far as you can  what can you touch?
your into pryce?
rather..none. i think they're kinda of degrading to the female race. but bodacious booty if i had to choose..haha
what rock group or star would you like to hang out with?
i had to listen to my parents. not listening wasn't an option but once i got older and moved out now i take their advice with a grain of salt and do what i want :)
you were given two plane tickets to the philippines..all expenses paid..who will you take with you?
if you could be any celebrity for a day  who would you be &amp; why?
mhm ohkay slide yo numba nd iwill met yew lol
okay i am done for right now. i can smell brains frying all the way from here. ask me stuff? <3 thank you.
queen being that im a lady. and miss universe to be more exact. that's be awesome! and what i want for one year..who wouldnt want that lol
wow.. it's 7:54pm here haha.. what'd you have for breakfast?
hahahahahahah lmao  i am straight. i think its funny to act like a lezbian thankyouverymuch. your acting like mrs.dallor.
what are your plans for the weekend? i'm going to miami :] <3.
is there anything in your house that glows in the dark?
sooooooo srry this is late!!!:) im juzz doin mothur freakin boring!!:) zzzzzz zzzz snore snore!!:) lmbo
how old are you?
do you own any game consoles?
im a huge perv .
i miss you too !(:
if you could have a super power  what would it be?
what's your dream car?
yes we are! latinos are the smexiest ones alive! :]
ever looked at a guy and then checked out his package ??
do you feel under appreciated?
beach or mountains?
yes as a matter of fact. why does that make me a &quot;one of those people&quot;??
moooooooooooooooooo!
what song did you last sing out loud?
what's your most used word?
yes. when its nescessary
would you feel major pain in your whole body for the rest of your life if it meant that one person you love would never feell pain or hurt again?
not very often
favorite store?
are dollar stores cool?:
dsfdsfdsgfdfgsd
as a kid did you have a collection of anything? (shayla's pawpaw buys her a kids harley shirt from every store he stops at.)
thats all for now people ill do more later. let me know in a message if u want me to stop spamming you
:d hahahahahahahah
ahh.. probably cookies! d:
umm bunch of people just joined  and i got bored  so i wanted too!
do astronauts change their clocks when they move over different time zones in space?
okay little mad cause of some relationship crap but im over it like always haha
if god created them then hellz yes!
how much did you get for your teeth?
too much sometimes.
twitter family <333
you are :)
why do you want to throw up so much
is it better to get too much or too little sleep?
i dreamt that those hugerobots from the car ads were out to kill me  i escaped from a palace in a revolution with an emo king &amp; queen and khia was there too lmao so i ran away &amp; got to my old area and my fam were having dinner...
i don't know.
what is your idea of a perfect date?
purple. not lavendar. eukkkk. deep dark sensational violet :)
someone
bahaha thats funny and yes
wat state do u live in?
have you ever wondered how many people have lied to you?
nope and nope
have you ever made out with someone of the same sex? why?
do you prefer regular or chocolate milk?
would you ever wait tables at a restaurant?
multiple times :]
r u going out with john john?
ashlee....i've had the biggest crush on you for awhile!  i don't go on here a lot.  but please message me on www.findersingle.com under the username &quot;wishfulthinker&quot;.  please don't get all weird.  =)
tabitha  i love you. please come into my life and love me. you are my life  it kills me that you don't love me back :(
have you ever seen a snow leopard or a red panda?
i have a chocolate. r a blackberry would be nice to carry i suppose but its a waste of money. all phones do the same for what i need. textingg :] ha
never........
how u lyk yo bred toasted????
idk sometimes.
do you think demons are real?
what's your favorite place to be kissed?:
hahahahah lmao sorry i deleted it  but i thought you ent like you didnt aprove of it hahah
hi april!!!
do you recycle?
yes. i dont eat them. haha
i love you tabi your beautiful  and the ''people'' saying that is actually one persone hahahahahah so dont worry about it  you didnt even do anything in the first place :)
yess :)
haha and we both sat in that chair in starbucks and we were taking pictures and everyone was staring at us
i didnt eat. im sick :(
hahah yeah he is my husband :) and i willl!!!!!!!!!!!!! thankyou :d
yea :)
sneakers or sandals?
if everyone got what they wished for do you think the earth would be a better or worse place?
how can sweet and sour sauce be sweet and sour at the same time?
i didnt know it was
do you know karate?
typical. jeans and a cute blousee
you know.. you're pretty cool :]
name something you do when you&apos;re alone that you wouldn&apos;t do in front of others.
not today. i havent even been out of the house.haha
have you ever had sex?
would you describe yourself as an argumentative person?
craziest? i havent. only a raccoon.
nope.
no i like guys to much.
 @ b!+(h l!k3 m3 m0 @n$z n $(r3 @mszz
:d nada
y0 d!(k !z b33fy
spam me??
do you like mustard?
i like how justin calls you tabitha
why do you think people cuss or curse?
nope. show your face? why dont you?
hmmm i havent been scared in a while
honestly  do you think you are sometimes guilty of stereotyping?r
have you ever been ashamed to use your cellphone in public because it was so outdated?
have you ever tried to kill yourself by holding your breath?
alllrighhhtyy. :]
i like them all lol
ya damn skippy
how many people can you tell everything to?
do you wear hoodies often?
if abandoned alone in the wilderness would you survive?
awkward? i dont have too many awkward situations in my life.....so to think of right now idk really..hmmmm ill get back to you on that.
yo dawg i herd u like cans  so we put a can in yo can so you can have a can while on the can
i love youu too<3
yes. yes. and yes. ive done all the above before
nope.
everything!!!!!!!hahaha
would you date a complete babe even if you were..(key word were) straight?
how much money do you need right at this moment to be happy?
nope  dont believe me add me on facebook and talk to my family  go to my myspace and look at my billions of pictures of me with friends  or my taggged pics
qualtily :) of course.
haha  sometimes. :)
urgh no1 yet! keep hopin though!
i try to take shorter showers to save water  and recycle soda cans and plastic bottles :d
do you bite your lip a lot?
aww thankss yuu aree to
panties or thong?
what is the last store you went to at the mall?
wat concerts have you been too?
no.
nahh because if i cared what others thought about me i would never get to think about what i care about. caring about what others think is a waste of all time in my opinion. its my life. ill live it the way i want
what to snack on at the movie theatres?
yes i believe so. i try to be kind to everyone and make the world a little bit better somehow :]
gift. a necklace
do you loan people money?
no worse. i woke up with a stuffy nose :[
chillinqq yew?
not currently. used to..
no regrets.
lol how
why yes he is.................my mum still wants to no the lotto numbers lol.
maryy me tabi
*wearr hmmm haha okay.r w/e
2007. wow to think about it  it's been too long  anyways.. to panama for a graduation girls vaca!
nope. half korean
hiiii im tabiiii
i love you to :d
omg! really?! cool thats so awesome! yeah i wanna learn more languages bhut french is already enuff 2 deal wit! ha
do you have a fetish?
hahaha yeah i know  and i figured
noooo.
ckute.!
:)
when was the last time you completely broke down?
friends or god?
haha thanks lady. r worst habit: giving everyone the benefit of the doubt.
thank you very much. you seem pretty cool as well :] ha
no
i am using http://mobile.formspring.me to ask y'all in just one click.. =) do you guys have twitter? follow me plss =) http://twitter.com/coquettishdiva =)
ifuckinloveyou!!!<33 xox ha!
what would your dream job look like?
kill them
well fine  cutest boy you know?
favorite food when it's sizzling hot?
how many hugs do you get a day?
would you ever look down on someone else for having a abortion?
what were you doing the last time you really had a good laugh?
you guys obviously dont understand my trend that i have set:'o aaanyyywhoooooooo. uuuhm markers or colored pencils or crayons and what color 0_o these are getting hard now:d
aries.
yess it was pretty cute ;)
hey  it's your cousin again :] when are you coming to visit us? i'm gonna make a formspring :]
i own a couple duffle bags but no suitcases.
idk.. wait whaaaa? lol
mcdonald's
who's the sexiest man alive?
yes i do :) its calming haha
not shailee. me of coarse. :)
my eyes! they are light brown and beautidul in the sun!(; thanks god! oh and my hands! and ass lol jkjk!
haha thanks to you or i would have never been named an honerary ninja :)
i like them :) hahaha
who is your favorite member of short stack?
thanks though :) i appreciate it
i just got called a bitch. lmao! is there something you hate being called?
my ass and tits ;] jk idk i guess my personality?
lmao
if you had to perform at the circus  what trick would you do?
i dont know but i did like pollyanna?
your beautiful
uhhh!!! lmao!! u got me lmao! jkjk we can go on 4 like eva! lezzzdoooittt i love you more than yo own momma! ahha!!
what do you think about guys who sag their pants?(girls) what's your thoughts on women who's thongs are showing? (guys)
what was the question?
chicken veggie penne. its amazingg :]
have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits?
what do you plant to grow a seedless watermelon?
oh well you should really watch jar squatter sick video sick as in holy shit i cant believe he did that... i dare you to watch it and not look away are you up to the challenge?
ever dyed your hair? if so how many times?
sure i guess.....................great question lol :d
lmfao!  if you haven't seen this  you totally need to.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkjyzhzhokm&amp;feature=popular
you wake up the next mornin -with little memory of the previous nights actvities- in between to very attractive girls/guys (whatever applies) theres a video camera with last nights events whos sees it first?
do you dream in color?
only one car.. :( booo
kkk. have fun!
samanthaaaaaaaaaa
i decided since its almost your unbirthday that im gunna send you a present
just so you know ;)
do you like vitamin water?
what if god was one of us?
not bad haha
what would be the worst disease to have?
hey
okay so i am pretty much ridiculously jealous of you. you're so pretty!
would you ever date someone covered in tattoos?
why are people so mean about prostitues?(no i don;t support their life style.) i mean most of them are scared to die if they do not do what they are told.
the cancer my little brother had to never come back!
have you ever played a game that required the removal of clothing?:
i don't really think much about it honestly. race  ethnicity  differences  color...its all the same meaning to me. :] we're all different.
no secrets for me this week :(
i know the haters are the motivators(: hahaa i love you too<3
nothing. im in jammas and my glasses. haha so i guess my glasses! haha
have you ever been to a gay bar?
where you do want to grow old?
hmmmm. think the part where te guy at support sings tht part makes me tear up=/ la ve boheme is a good one two
you can only have one kind of sandwich. every sandwich ingredient known to humankind is at your immediate disposal:
emma hahahahah :d i missssseddd yuhhhhh 222222 <33333
if you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
idealist :]
hmm..i dont think i would haunt. i would be like casper the friendly ghost. :) and want to make people friends and have fun all the time :)
soda or kool aid ??
lol nice question :]
did you help someone today?
join my chat http://www.chatzy.com/498131478193
okayyyy. no. no. none.
are you good at hangman? i suck at it >.<
do you own anything leopard print?
sunshine. lots of food and hanging with my boyfriend and family :]r awesomeness.
what was cured ham  cured of?
closed usually
have any favourite quotes?
l3+$ h @v3 $3x?  @nd ! w!ll q!v3 y0u d @ b3$+ b3(ky y0u 3v @ h @d !
what's your dream car?
my bed? haha
im a very happy person but i could definantly be happier with some different aspects i my life.
do cats have psychic powers to control babys minds and tell them to take over the bahamas and control the worlds supply of milk?
my baby. timothy :]
kkkkkk
yhuuuu and brandon are ssssssooooo cute !!! ;]<333
are you scared to lose the person you fell the hardest for? are you still with this person or have you already lost them?
yes! people just dont know what it is.
i know. im sorry :( haha
do you do your own dishes?
spam ya ma'am
intriguing.
you are a cursed chameleon  and you can only live with one of these: having the ability to change your color or the ability to turn your eyes in two different directions. what would you choose? why?
im good (: &amp;+ you bestfriend ?
yuppp
has anyone pulled a prank on you while you were asleep?
ummm.....ahhh hottt seniorrr(:
dgaf :]
always seems like..
can a short person &quot;talk down&quot; to a taller person?
nopeee ;d
will u cook with me in food tec whenever we cook next :p ?
relation to miley cyrus?
back off my man.r wait  what man?!r pshhhh. :)
yes.
yuh m @k3 d @ 53x m3+3r q0 vv!ld
tabi  i love you. (: i will meet you one day (;
im not good with pranks. soory :(
everything really! ahhaha lovin my hiphop atm! ester dean is thee shyyttt!
what is something fun you use to do with your parents?
nahhh your fine :)
i rather not
:d yeahhhh tottally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<3
too easily
nahhh. things always have a purpose. :]
scientists. doctors. engineers. r because we would all know how to do everything ourselves.
aw ill ask something so u dont go crazy ^_^  ok um what do you want in life :p
do youu?
tabi what makes you think it was me?! come back to if you know you want to
why
idk much about my birth. so idk lol
my life to get back on track. ... oops i told. does that mean it wont come true?
yeauh   i'm really a liar. you're cool. r i don't lie for stupid reasons.(:
what are your parents like?
just me.
okay forsurre(::
i love my lds.
do you watch bugs crawl on the floor?:
do you know anyone who has broken their thigh bone? did you know the thigh bone is stronger then concrete?
anything ethnic!!
say my name. say my name..haha
who is this? haha. add me on facebook then maybe ill tell you haha.
hahahahaha no you wont i know u wont lol he just wants to kow just tell him
why do people feel weird when they forget their cellphone?
hmm..dogs  cat  fish. pretty average.
nope. what'd ya mean still shy?
what are youu talking about gayy'boyyu2665  idid textt you back  you didnt text me back!?
you still going to cali!
what's the first job you had?
name one female you really enjoy talking to and be honest
well r i think i really like my friend.. :/
..
do you like your name?
hell yes! lots of them and thats including yuh!<3
doo you still gedd ass wopinqq's (: hahaha ;; ps dont lie ?
idnt even kno if she iz
pop!
that's okay; i have aidan(:
what's your favorite way of making people smile?
isnt that quote from alice in wonderland?
yea that is sooo annoying
if everyone found out no religion was real  what do you think people would do?
yes. slow danced with my boyfriend :)
what is something you have always wanted to know?
alexis my stomach hurts :/
no
no ya didnt ididnt get a request
what do you usually do to relieve yourself from hiccups?
have you ever watched someone drive drunk?
kkkkkk
cereal!
dare me :)
huh??
hes sweet to me and willing to do anything for me. but hes very selfish when it comes to being truely selfless sometimes.
hello :)
hahahahah lmfao i laughed out loud. but im not even talkinbto him hahahaahahahahahaahahahahahah
kkkkkkkkk
yeah on funniest home videos. funny stuff huh?
y0 d!(k !$ l!k3  @ c0rnd0q
have any of you girls used the mens restroom before? guys have you used the womens restroom? i saw a guy today going into the girls restroom cuz the mens was being cleaned lol!!! i was just like wtf?lol
alejandro by lady gaga
cleverrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
ima miss you too ! but... im sorry i am haha
would you rather be really hot or really cold?
whats the most entertaining event youve ever been to?
awwhhh thankyou!!!! your soo nice
what are you afraid of?
thanks :)
i miss being a kid. yes.
no.
if you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?
are you random or predictable? why do you think you are this way? would you rather be the other way?
favorite lyrics?
ahh
i guess i would gett fat  and have a baby .
nope
i could have a better one. :(
great you?
deffo the star girls.......
do you believe in love?
ask me something!!!
never;;
haha im not a liar(:
did you ever have a crush you never acted on?
nope
why do butterflies die after a week? (you can make a creative answer =)
i can't believe through out our entire friendship you never told me you were fake d:
hmm thank you .
a scientist lol
nope
what is your greatest regret?
y0 dick size is off da charts
who was the last person to make you laugh the hardest?
if you could rid the world of one thing  what would it be?
when was the last gift you received?
no.. hate that.
yes i do!
basketball<3
you just got a free plane ticket to anywhere. you have to depart right now. where are you gonna go?
ember.
yes.
wow some dude wants you rach :/
justin bieber demi lovato and barack obama babay!!:d
do you like beef jerky?
wet it first. always.
how many times have you been cussed out? for me its alot cause of work lol
what vegetable do you most resemble?
yodda
umm idkk..
favourite game?
do you ask questions that sometimes you really don't want the answer too?
anything jennifer lopez haha
i wub you joie(:
have you ever cried in public?
are you a lonely boy?
nothing
do you tell a person if you see they have toilet paper stuck on their shoe?
how???
probably not lol
can i get a encore? do you want more?
haha yup i know thanks! :d
well don't because it's crude.
ever won a spelling bee?
yeah i know hahaha. they just pop up out of nowhere!  :p
all time? i have no idea. but i love comedy movies so i watch them pretty often
wow you really are persistent
yes
a painted wooden dragon.
what is your favorite color?
talk about a time when you got into trouble at school
no
do you believe sometimes in life you have to be selfish?
ahaa to late i already sent youu onee[;
nope. actually the science books with the weight chart says im obeist for my hieght  but they're crazy if i lost weight according to what i &quot;should be&quot; i'd be skin and bones! i like a little fat on me hahaha
i got a new phone today!
nico martinez  why are youu so hott!? hahaha
yes.
where are you from thn ?
what're you wearing right now?
do you get distracted easily?
then do it(;
are you working?
yea if your awake haha
what dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
i would answer that but im not so sure of who that is ?
why doesnt winnie the pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with?
i'm actually pretty happy about myself currently. buuut if i could  i guess it'd be to be a little taller so i could be a model. :] haha
hahahaha its nothing :) really. its okay.
pink &amp; neon green(:
musically  cobra starship. but other than that nope!
what was the best concert you went to?
during the winter i do.
besides the country where you currently live  which country you want to spend the rest of your life?
yes
nopeee!! my name starts with b :o
if an orange is orange and called an orange  why is a banana yellow and not called a  yellow?
no. only because if it were up to fate then noone truly has any choices in life. and well i don't like to be told what to do. i like making my own mind up! :]
if you could transport yourself anywhere instantly  where would you go and why?
wee.. we are in the same field =) so you mean you haven't start college yet?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahhahaha love you to :)
samee here bby gurl
phone sexxx boo!
cincinnati. you?
1 year and 3 months
yea idr tho
if you were to be a bird  what would it be?
to live on a deserted island with friends and family away from the world. money. selfishness. mean people. traffic. cliques. bad influences. annoying laws. limitations and live off of the land like an indian :) haha
have you ever yelled at a telemarketer?
do you have a cellphone or ipod with a patterened cover?
thursday. its always overlooked. ahaha
do you know how to play poker?
nahh<3
shaun diviney's house and everyday haha. we would be besties<3 and andy and bradie of course =]
what was the easiest time in you life?
just so you know scarlett wasnt on when that was wrote.
running into a glass window in a mall :p
many times haha
do you have any obsessions?
not often. i dont download much at all
what are you talking about? haha
lmao why would tabi be fake? hahahaha it cracks me up that they put up your picture but put up a different name hahahaha thats low. so. back to a question cuz thats what these are for: hmmm.. do you like caramal apples?
bahahaha noooo side burns guy! and thank you:d
have you ever fell in love with someone who you knew was no good for you?
what's your worst nightmare?
cheesecake. hmmmm yes cheesecake. raspberry swirl cheesecake ;)
-.- you're pictures aren't on photonucket.r i just checked.
to all the people saying that tabi is fake: shut your faces. she isn't fake  i know for a fact.
i dont handle it
lol its cool i dont deny it haha
idk... its a month that 4 sure lol
pikturess love! ahah yuh dont tell mii nuthinqq no moree ahha i fawkinqq miss yuhh!<3(:
do i like them  no. do i think they have a big part in society  yes. so i take part in them. in america  the government is the people. so why do people say they hate politics?r it can make a great conversation sometimes lol
do you have any piercings?
ahh this is cutee [;
yes i have. i know two people. and my reaction was dang that sucks. i guess tahts what you get for sleeping aroundhuh?
probably 2
lol idk
on gilligan&apos;s island  how did ginger have so many different outfits when they were only going on a 3 hour tour?
which one? kuz ithink yew tawking bout mi ex
its a beautiful life.
you felt like you could fly :d
welll
kkkkayy
omg justin bieber!!!! :) haha.
what doesn't kill you  only makes you stronger.
dark. i am a vampire. i am a vampire.
show your face.
like 2 in a half years? i think.
did you ever play duck duck goose as a child?
cute :)
swine flu.
this person actually told me this &quot;fried&quot; i had was not a true friend and she wants me 2 still be this person's friend! thats a nono!
nahh
do you have twitter? =)
ever tried an ouija board?
its needed just clean it out so its not too visible. ha
what's up? how's timmy and you? haha
sassy. she was a cat. i hate cat's now. funny and weird huh?
possibly
shrug it off. i'm prolly there to have a good time so i wouldnt phase it.
if you know that down the road there was a business that dismembered baby boys and girls each week would you do something to stop it from continuing? and would you be a bad person if you didn't try to stop it?
oh yah itz yew but ya neva added mi
most of you said your parents kept them. don't you find that creepy in a way?
haha no then u will be lik o ew that guy ~_~  *runs away* lol
what do you do when you get upset?
being bored enough to get on formspring hahha jk. listening to nagging. i hate nagging.
i love youuu<3 &amp;i miiss you !
would you rather be a vampire or a werewolf?
nope. i love to claim it :)
because they have nothing smarter to say
do you put anything on your spaghetti bolognaise?
would you take a actual hard drug if it could save your life and you were about to die?
who is your favorite comedian?
oh! hey (:
do you learn the easy way or the hard way?
tabi  all those people who are talking shit on your formspring anonymously need to grow a pair. if they're gonna hate on you anonymously then they obviously have no life. grow up  stop trying to start shit with her on the internet. i love you tabi (:
ya so watz up nd y formspring changed
would you rather be a zombie or a mummy?
what do you think is your most attractive feature?
vampire weekend song  happy mood  and sad mood
i dislike that
not currently
your cute ;) dump jaybee and come talk to me
laswtnight.
thomas gibson. he's an actor.
if k.f.c stands for kentucky fried chicken  why do they play sweet home alabama on the comercials?
not really being that i am one as well.
what is your favorite thing to do with friends?
hahaha yup! bhut not lookin 4 a man rite atm chuz dey 2much drama!
bananas :]
idk lol
you are on a flight from honolulu to chicago non-stop. there is a fire in the back of the plane. you get enough time to make one phone call. who would you call?
ya i fixed the name but i just made this cuz i don't like being anonymous ahaha sept when i make up lame pickup lines
with family
yes and i dont remember.
how did you meet adriane torres
best day ever?
nothing like that should be stressful. it should be fun. when it becomes stressful  that's when you know you've lost sight of the true meaning of christmas!! think about it people.
like his movies. dont like him.
what's the last furry thing you touched?
yes
what's your favourite colour?
have you ever heard that song by carrie underwood...cheated? that with a little of my own spice. :] ahahaha
i knowwww :)
like a buck or whatev
online <3
why or why not should i delete my fs?
harry potter cause ive never seen the lord of the rings.
no
hey everyone im gonna start spamming again starting tomorrow...if you dont want to be spammed then inbox me asap
nope
would you rather have a lovely day in with your family or go out partying with your friends?
pshhh liar ^^
what can you not be trusted with?
i like one of my friends
i believe so :)
name the most terrifying moment of your life so far.
sun.
ion kno lol
lady gaga looks like christina aguilera? true or false?
what is the bravest thing you have done?
what do you think justin?
if you were given $100  would you spend it  or save it?
did u know the sky is blue :o unless u get all scientific and say its back ~_~
chest hair mean hair on chest ?  (-_-)?
joiieeeee:) i lalalovee youu  <3
hola! :]
not a guy! haha maybe a cheerleader haha jkjk!
what do you usually drink during dinner?
alexisssss! fukk thozz haters ma! they dumb they aint gona do shtt to you!!!!! they meet hell they decide 2 touchhh yyyyou. i love you<3333 -remz
most hated movies?
listen. duh? hahaha
let's get married?
you! :]
nahh i dont think so. i like my privacy too much ;)
huh?
texas!!&amp;yuh hun?! xox
are you serious??? does she have a myspace im very confused  ill unlock my old picture album on my myspace  pics from 2 years ago  go look  and they are in photo bucket? send me a link please.
hahahaha teachin him how to ur his stickshift mwhahahahahaha! i llalala love you best frann!
smiling at them. it seems to work pretty well. :]
being fake has nothing to do with your looks
would you rather get up early or sleep late?
my life can only be perfect if ___________.
never been to either. so idk yet :]
enlighten me....
! w @n+ yuh t @ m @k3 m3 $w3 @+
kroger babay. its soooo better than walmart.
how do you no that??
vanilla
<3 hahahahhahah thakssssssssssssss
have you ever hated that you loved someone? >.<
peter pan or captain hook u2013 who is cooler?
what do you cook best?
xdfcvghjkl
m!
how are you such a hottie?
mmmmmmm
where do you wish to live?
nope i don't swear
pictures pictures and more pictures
yes already. haha
did timmy have fun?
my parents
if heat rises  shouldn't hell be cold?
watss ur email.?
who is this dumpster baby
what song? wtf haha
what is the first thing you notice in the opposite sex?
life(: haha!! umm idk thats hard!
do you like shopping for new clothes?
no. it's not pryce
have you ever cried infront of alot of people?
is  @truace single!?
you accidentally eat some radioactive vegetables. they were good  and what's even cooler is that they endow you with the super-power of your choice! what's it gonna be?
hahahaha crazy.
yes.
maybe
shira or frances?
are you fat?
have you ever watched someone get arrested?
say say say _________? finish the verse
bra or braless?
hahhahah yeah you!
what's the number one thing you want to achieve in your life?
ive thought about it. i really feel like i influence a lot of people in my life. so i kind of know. but i would sure hope that it wouldn't be like i never existed? :/
nope
would you rather own a luxury yacht or a private jet?
why do you like justin? you guys talk alot. and like really?
do you cuss?
of course! :]
haha ummm your welcome..?
how many phone numbers do you have memorized that you don't need to look up?:
where in the world do you live ?? i am in wyoming in the states
what is something that your mom doesnt know about you?
not to my recollection. but funny you ask  because my brother just did that and busted our neighbors chair at my sisters grad party this past sunday. it was hilarious!!
yea
heck no.
yeah
ya igot yo request... damn yew gotta lil ass behind yew
sean stouffer lol vvv lol jk naw it wasn't me
have you ever been french kissed by a dog?:
1. are you fake? 2. who's cheyenne  taylor  tarren  samantha  jessica. 3. do you live in montana? cheyenne is the real one. 4. she also has videos of her in school etc. why is your pics in photobucket
i don't unless im really mad then i cry.
no i am tabitha jai locascio  im pretty sure this cheyenne is a fake  so please send me a link so i can check it out  i have amyspace and a facebook.
i dont no lol =]
sarcastic. :]
the office 100%
tabi you are so pretty :) just wanted to say that haha
is your middle finger longer than your ring finger?
do you own a striped sweater?
hmmm...i don't know. i want to. :d
what would you like to hear more about?
do you think the jonas brothers are a bunch of faggots? if so your now my best freind :)
best thing that happened to you this summer? :]
what's something random that you're currently loving?
a c t u a l l y;;i do want himm<33 [: so you can hush that! [:
doodle in a box ahaha what a great song.....
currently the hangover  superbad  forgetting sarah marshall  how to train your dragon  and a few more that i cant remember lol
if you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?
how many people do you know with your first name?
who's better?  superman or spiderman?
whuut happenedd??
do you go to church regularly?
favorite video game?
have you broken any bones?  if so  how?
have you ever dreamed something then it came true?
ilove your nose ring!
april
if a king is gay and marries another guy what is that guy to the royal family?
tell me something about.. snow :]
i wanna play spin the bottle lol have you played it? when was the last time? mine was when i was 20 :)
are you the type who is in a new relationship every week?r
where you from??
eagle
do they die after a week :(
do yuh have any stalkers?
would you rather have the ability to fly  or the ability to breathe underwater?
if you could ask god any one question  what would it be?
do u have a cool anagram for your name
what do you think of the papparazzi?
lolss damn
the perks of being human i persume.
tabi! you're hittin' on my bestttt friend! wtf. whooo cares  i love you. :)
even if tabitha was fake  she wouldn't hurt anyone! she can't even yell at me or control me. she's too sweet&amp;nice! and people love her for personality. however she has both<3 i love you tabilicious<3
uhh..i answered this i think  my dad :) haha
what are you getting for xmas :d
my sis is naked
favorite nickname somebody gave you?
do you know i took my backround picture?(:
h2o. snapple raspberry white tea. oj-homestyle with all the juicey bits
yes......cut my self with a knife (accidentally)...cut myself on the rabbits cage and fell off a chair haha and then i have a random one on my arm and i have either a scar or a dint in my forehead :/
usually during the week everyday. but on the weekends im with timmy so not too often ;)
vacations.
yes.
not standing up for herself.
hahaha. strange!:s
what was name of your first pet and why did you give it that name.
are you dateing a ''jaybee alxeander?''
where were you born? did you also grow up there?
your parents tell you that you need to change your name into any animal name that you want.. what would be your name?
i know
thanks lady. :]
do u wana be justins gf?
i gotcha :d
umm idk haha theres a lot of them that i say alot lol.
do you have a t.v. in your bedroom?
my grandmother. it's pathetic really.
iguess
a kids cereal. :]
nahhh.
what is your height in ft/in  centimeters or whatever standard of measure you like :]
do words really hurt you?
only if i've had a bad day.
lmao!! kk lemme get my ass off this toliet seat then ill check!! mwahah!! jk
i miss you !(: lolz
which do you think is stronger: love or happiness?
get dressed! haha and then grab one of the three or four things i said and beat the living crap out of them haha
what do you like in 'you'?
does being yelled at bother you? do you yell back?
i do not judge gyrls im not bi or a lezzboo!! k thanks'
have you ever thought about how life actually started?
would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
*poof* your in prison... why are you there?
yes.
well that wasn't fair because i was eating while reading this question  so when i closed my eyes... i just thought about how awesome this sandwiche is tasting hahahaha yum. :)
what time do you have to wake up tomorrow?
:o lol no freaking way! btw  i didnt ask that :d
huh?
have you ever found a really great place that you kept kind of secret so only you can enjoy it?
would you rather die a hero and fighting for someone you love but having to be in pain  or die peacefully and painless?
when did you last attend a party?
&quot;hey angel  you duh sexy&quot;
single or taken?
you have pretty eyes
haha read my previous message :)
i snore sometimes so im told . and nahh i lay pretty still when it comes to sleep. i sleep like a log. ha
only two.
probably
if you could  would you kiss the last person you texted? is this person just a friend or something more? do you like it that way?
guys- what do you hate most about girls?  girls- what do you hate most about guys?
do you own any band tu2013shirts?
depends on if i were in the country and who i was with.. but i'd say figure if it had anyone it belonged to and if not spend it! ;)
if your house was on fire and you could only grab three things  what would they be?
what's your earliest memory?
what does sex smell like? my bro said like pussy lol
aaron carter  bayside  secondhand serenade  hoping for haley  and carrie underwood
have you ever cried from being so mad?
in the shower
i can sleep in anything when im really tired lol
hmm..a new person that likes to talk and is intersting. least like....a creepy stalker dude.
i appreciate the help ;)))
hmmm depends. sometimes i get bombarded with questions but here lately since ive gotten on everyday its like 15-20. haha enough i suppose :)
what is the first thing you think of when you see a cow?
met personally um andy clemmensen unless u count santa hes pretty famous or the guy that helped train the animals from babe the pig or something like that ur pick. lol
my mommy(:
ight well its kinda hard...idk well mi lil boo  mi boo  and mi ex.
do you get nervous before doctor appointments?
when was the last time you slept on the floor?
not fist fight. but a serious fight  yes. haven't we all? ha
why you confused?
know whats going on because then it was my choice to be hurt.
has you ever drawn on a drunk person?
you would know if youd answer ur phone!!!
idk really. i never get hate on here?! :/
how long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
like another language..i know some :)
hhahahahaah ohh noo problem mamas! ahah me2 im soo exhaustedd *yawn* *ywan* lmao!
where are ya from??=)
yes. like most websites i think people are addicted to having something to do :)
my pu$$zzy !z +hrobb!nq fo yo d!ck t @ q0 !n d @+ $h!+
call of duty modern warfare 2(:
lol wen ifirst made diz ish yew was lyke hi so im juz asking who diz?
is quizzes are quizzical what are tests?
yes walks to raise money for cancer patients and i volunteer for adopt a highway! gotta care about our mother earth :)
shutter island
i dont think so :/
oh dhatss watss up
yesh hahahahaha wouldn't you??
oh sorry it was jack  im not use to hime actually talking to me like im a human.
u probally wouldnt fuck the others cause everyone loves shaun...... meh i dont.. but i think hes pretty cool tho :p
sonic
don't make plans.
what was the craziest dream you ever had about?
ohhh okay. i'll have to check it out then.
tasha. instead of tosha :)
dirt.
camping!! :]
yep
vomit.
i know but i knew you would'nt be able to resist the urge to finish it :))
didnt i give you my myspace ?
not really
camping with a ton of friends or hotel with a few friends?
a week ago
hahah your welcome.
hahaha thanksssss kinnn
i am off here for a bit. gotta hang out w. xentury. <3 leave me things. thank you.
i would rape you..............this is kaylanot pheobe
any thoughts of justin?
what is your favorite thing to do on the weekends
ummmm the begging of this year coz i had kayla in my class lol =] but there was nice ppl in my new now old class ha.
people.
how often do you go to spa?
polly prince on a along came polly.
nahhh not worth the blahhh bullcrap.
they matter but they aren't the decision.
about 900 lol i havent been on for a hot second
either a family member or one of my guy friends that would come and protect me :d
nahh unless i wanted to talk to someone taken from me unexpectedly.
uhm (:
if you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
to live....pluto still. it'd be like living in alaska haha
on what? thanks (:
nahhhh. you cant help your lungs are only as strong as god made them
your so pretttyyy. :)
ew i hate twilight
favorite band
a magazine
haahar do u love taelin?
30 mins tops
i was juuust saying hi :)
pretty gurrrl(:
do ikno ikan go check out mi musik n listen to it bxtch lmao... myspace.com/pokemonboyz7
yes. hmmm the little asian dude that has all the gadgets and thinks he can fix everything with his smarts and thoughts :) haha
do they bury people with their braces on?
no and btw if this is the person i think it is please stop tlking to me lol =]
yes lots.
what's your favourite comedy on the tv?
do you think christmas is stressful?
haha good me eitherrrrrr.
hello?
spanish
do you like dina?
to never sin bhut will never happen! see im already sinning  never say never!
who were the last people you ate with?
me&amp;god eatin chicken wings on his throne <3 ahaha
american korean. so like half korean &amp; half whitee :] but im so the whitest korean  girl you'll ever talk to.
what would be the first three words you would teach a parrot  if you had one?
since you asked me so many questions i figured i'd ask you one...favorite song  favorite movie  favorite place to visit
yay ur divorce!
good im glad he does  id be sad if my husband didnt like me  we would have to get a divorce.r i'd be sad if any of my friends didnt like me.
what does pu stand for (as in &quot;pu  that stinks!&quot;)?
hahah okey dokey!..sweet thang(;
tell me about yourself :)
do you regularly watch the news?
yooooo mate   rinnalovesjb here. heyhey  ask me anything ! (:
do you ever think of crazy things in you're head that probably wont happen?
do you have any favorite youtube star?
yes
what's yer bra sizee haha?
pssh i dont know what that person is talking about  you seem awesome to me!
how did the first women ever to shave their legs know that the skin wouldn&apos;t just peel right off?
yes :]
does your bedroom door have a lock on it?
wtf bxtch clea it ineva ben ta hiz house
no matter how hard i try  i cant seem to get my mind off of you :/ please text meh.
snow white or ariel?
teehee du yuu luh mee?!?!<3
thats all i can think of right now >.< gimme ideas &amp; i will ask more stuff :] <33333
do you wear a watch?
what's your real name?
a nice monster. i would wanna be the closet monster that hides in the closet but really im just nice and want a little kid friend to play with :]
i have my nipples pierced. ha
:d i love you to<3
for those who give a crap: i am nnot dead. i am alive. and recently found out i was pregnant. i will not be getting on here anymore. but please add me on myspace. links on my page.
muse. i want to see them live real bad.
yes
mmmmhhhmmm i love chinese and mexican. haha
kkkkk thanks for all your spam in a can.
idk. i wouldn't be able to talk to you!! :( hahha its taken me too long to catch up on here. i feel like its been forever. :0
have you ever gotten into a fight?
favorite? umm hip hop and r&amp;b basically 102.7 kiis fm and 97.1 amp radio are the only stations i listen to :d
do you volunteer for anything?
yes. its dumb. hahah
how do you eat your cookie? (eat around edges  break in half  just eat it lol)
rollerblading  painting  doodling  formspringing  eating  planting flowers  smiling  taking pictures  reading  drawing  writing always. :]
haha okay.r we are friends.
have you locked yourself out of you house?
my little brother had cancer when he was 2. thats what i can honestly say made me want to become a nurse. helping people. i feel its something i can do :] r and i like to talk and keep spirits up sooo it fits me i think..
who is your loudest friend?
have you ever walked away from someone who meant alot to you?
lilgego1youngg @yahoo.com
i still do!
how do you think std's came to be?
are you willing to travel for your dream job?
what's your dream car?
okay. i was kidding down there lol. but 2 the other ppl that are being serious..screw-your-selfs. shes sooo pretty and you dont need 2 be sittinghere being mean to my friend!! your just jealous ur not as pretty as her (: <3 you tabi!!
lmao ya da one yew made
mountains or beach?
are you one of those people that doesnu2019t like chocolate?
if you could learn any magic trick which would you like to learn?
(this one is bothering me a bit.) why does it seem like most everyone wants to knwo if the world will end in 2012? are we going to fear it till it's over like y2k?
close your eyes and count until 10 now.       what went through your mind? be honest
what's your favorite flavor of jello?
would you consider yourself to be spoiled?
rude people
what will you do f you found out that you are adopted?
doesn&apos;t expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
awhhh thank you jordy.. :)
not for a while. i havent' been on in a while.
when does school start for you? mine starts aug. 19th &quot;/
idk
fortpolk. a military base
i dont no haha
<3
10 things you want to do before you die
a writer. i wanted to be a writer creative novelist so bad.
how many siblings do you have?
denny's :ddd
seriously me to  it drives me crazy :(
do you prefer to ask question or answer them? why do you think this is?
haha [:
serious? they are a good band :d
are you studying or working?
have you ever hit one of your parents?
luk like dhat boii tyga tyga
haha nope im not taquisha either....i talk to you alot on twitter;) <3
people say &quot;i don't know&quot; alot. is that a real answer? (personally i think not.)
in your opinion  what is the best thing about being a nurse?
what do you think victoriau2019s secret is? ;p
couple times. car accident that sent me across three lanes of traffic in heavy rain  spinning. not one car hit me. it was crazy
hahahahahah is this dakota? ill read you one soooon
what time is it?
what was the worst job you've ever had?
if you had the choice to see the future  would you?
should i ask more serious questions?
i love sudoku's :] read  paint  i think i would be just fine recovering :)
do you like care bears?
do prison buses have emergency exits?
musicals:  cheesy or entertaining?
never mindvvv
do you have any jewelery on?
i know how to change a tire  change my oil  what most parts of the car and motor is. i can put all liquids in my motor :] and i soo have my own jumpers haha
what would you do if your partner cheated on you?
hi!!
i nearly ran over a prostitute once with my car.(true story.) what's the craziest thing you've nearly hit?
what's your number then?
one fluently. spanish pequinta
yes love one
umm dont start school yet lol
what trait do you love the most and least about yourself?
do you have your own bank account?:
lmfao umhuhh flaw buddiee
if you could live anywhere in the world where would you live
if you were a monster  what monster would you be?
okayy
what kind of glasses do you have?
september 22nd<3
what reality show do you wish you could be part of?
who do u like???r r r cough justin??? cough
would you have sex with a fat guy?!?!
i am off for right now. i feel sick. and personally i hate being sick. so leave me things to make me smile&amp;questions. thanks babes!<3
cheetos or fritos?
what do you think is your most attractive feature?
ah me. by griffen house :] idk why. it just makes me happy
omg all these texans are so sensitive!
if my questions bother you please let me know. cause i am sick of &quot;idk&quot; answers. seriously i am. like badly.
?mm
do any of your close friends have children?
foooooooooooooood! :d
i hate when formspring messes up  don't you ? -_-
do you sleep with noise or in complete silence?
its life i suppose.
do you think we will always find a reason to go to war?
why thankyou =]
mmmag i love it!
what was the most interesting place you've traveled to?
hayyy :]
are you frightened of spiders?
you frendzz wiff meh bestie krissy>?! it be tootsie!(=<454333 oh yeahp i luh herm (:
dont you hate when they fucken yell at you for not texting back? lol i do!!!
when was the first time that you had beer?
yes. and im sure there are tons that soo could.
do you ever think you smile too little?
mhm diz shirt ihad 5 yearz ago
i guess. so
control issues i guesss
that wasn't me
fav fantisey ?? doesn't have to be sexual   do you want to rich or famous or just live on a deserted island ?? anything
no thank you haha
in making decisions  you always end up following what your ______ says.. heart or brain?
what time is your alarm clock set for?
lowkeyy;; hehe don't even trip<$
name a bird with a long neck.
do you take your daily vitamins?
janet jackson. you ain't right. :]
okay ill check it out
do you feel that children should be sheltered from unhappiness?
have you ever peed in the woods?
big booty whore.!!<3 omg i miss you soooo much): dontt go to north.!!):
what did you do for your last birthday?
i would have liked to have seen the solar eclipse that only happens every like 7 years..or whatever. it just happened this year. but i wish i would of gotten to see it in person.
lol ohkay hi
would yu ever even think abou goin out wit hannah fish or donna james?
ice cream :)
have you ever played baseball?
if you did come back as a ghost where would you haunt?
how many languages can you fluently speak?
oh easyyy!!!!r ventrilaquist dummies  you no with the to lines by the mouth and stuff and a ventrilaquist makes the talk  i am deathly afriad.
yes. because they're awesome and i love suprises.
a bunch im sure. white lies are the hardest to remember
:d thankyou  your soo nice :)!!
lmfao im telling yew
do you think people are addicted to fs?
have you seen the trailer for lindsay lohan's new movie &quot;machete&quot;? if so what do you think?
yes. with my sister. haha we went night swimming in our pool in our backyard. just so we could answer this question. ;]
thanksss :) who is this? :d
lady gaga has recieved 13 nominations at the 2010 mtv video music awards  she has beaten michael jacksons record of 11 nominations  do you think she really deserves all those nominations?
hahahaha ummm  sorry?
i yell back sometimes but i dont like to be yelled at
sext me<3 ;)
r yuu still wit yo bf? (:
what is something from your past that you wish you still did? that you are glad you stopped doing?
i don't know really. you ask a lot of prostitue questions though  i'll tell you that. haha i guess because they've prolly never grown up being told thats not how life should or has to be..
i am off for right now. leave me things? <3 please&amp;thank you!!!
look like? pretty.
okaaaaayyy
to not be insecure of me. what reason have i gave for you to feel this way? haha thats what i would say but idk if they would take it right or not.
what's your favorite kind of sandwich?
what's your favorite song? :d<br>
jet!!(: hate boats! worst experience ever was on a boat! never again!
yes. my sister. all the time
type of music you like most?
hahha i know!!
can you tie your shoes more than one way?
yes. all the time.
what do you think of guys who wear headbands/ponytails?
do u wanna get raped? ;) hehe
i have more than 1 profile songg ;p
i need to pee but im too lazy to get up. r i want some more mac and cheese.r i really need to get off fs!! haha
eagle.
lmfao!!!
bahahahahhaha ;p
if you saw a serious crime take place and if you told you could possibly be killed  would you tell?
be true to others to hope others will be true to you
not too bad usually
who is this kayla she sounds like she like short stack
how often do you check your voice mail?
can you daydream at night?
high heels or rubber shoes?
when my little brother was diagnosed with cancer and we all thought we were going to lose him :( it was a dark moment.
don't you just hate it when you can't find a decent working pen especially when you need to write something important? ^_^
if you could bring one character to life from your favorite book  who would it be?
-woaahhhhhh! likee dude i'm in youhr backround!!! :d awesomeeee! <3 ilybbyy(:
what would you do if you found out the car you were in was stolen?
about a month ago. for my yearly check up.
have you ever entered a contest and won?
on a scale of 1-10 (10 being the highest obviously) how outgoing are you?
great question! tithe help people shop!
now that you&apos;ve slept with two different people in a row  you seem to be having an excellent day because you just came across a hundred-dollar bill on the sidewalk. holy shit  a hundred bucks! how are you gonna spend it?
i love being silly
great went ta jamaca...yew???
chicken <3333
cmon babe just tell me ur favorite position i want to get ot know you and i want to know what ur favorite position is
yea
why did you choose nursing?
are you a private person or do you openly share your life with people around you?
what is your opinion on those people who doesn't mind what others feel?
toothpaste that you are using?
famous(: bhut im me 4 rite now!
what have you come to like though you use to hate it?
&quot;iloveyoubaby&quot; &quot;iloveyoutoobabygirl&quot;  that ^ haha [x
facebook and you tube :d
it was a while ago but i said f on the phone when i was really upset and talking to my dad. i never cuss in front of my parents. so it was an ooopsie i guess haha
nope. not a cat person.
idk lol
noo
:)
ha i would lovee to but i heard that im &quot;harassing&quot; youu so its a big no can do. ;p but maybe if we did get to know eachother we could spend some quality time togetherr [; hahaha
what was your favorite year?
o i wonder........
maybe :p
huh?
not at the time
what is a act of kindness you have recently done?
:d yay.
greed.
do you eat any weird mixture of foods?
up-justin bieber
cooool riddleee! :dr did you gooogleeee it to find it or.....? :)
huh?
you can select one person from history and ask them a question to which they must give a thruthful reply. whom would you select  and what question would you ask?
thanksssssss :)
do you wear flipu2013flops even when it's cold outside?
hello  my name is javeed. you seem really cool and i wanted to know if you wanted to have a coffee with me sometime so just reply at 1-800- javeed :d  lolol just kidding :d this is msunderstoodxxx again! and i love jello strawberry to :ddd it roxx!!!
yeah i agree. it's wrong.
i like them. its sick though to think someone thought of all that stuff lol
carrie underwood concert. it was awesome :]
kissy kissy facee!(:
what was the worst advice you've ever received?
:]
what are you waiting for atm?
if laughter is the best medicine  who&apos;s the idiot who said they &apos;died laughing&apos;?
what's your favorite drink?
your opinion really helped ;> thanks ;>
are you and lindsey talking?
only in burgers.
what is the wallpaper on your cellphone?
i ment boyfriend u know  like the kissing the hugging estera.....unless u do that with your best friend lol :d
(:
stop! leave tabitha alone  she's not those type of girls that you can just fuck with. she just wants someone to love her  and i for one aboustly love her
timothy
what is your favorite season?
being an atheist means we dont need to believe. we choose to believe either because their is no proof or because god has done nothing for us. we may not believe in god but we do believe there is good reason to not believe he exists.
what's one thing you'd like to do but haven't done yet?
deffinatly my old one :) the poeple at my new one is kinda stuck up  and the school is to small for me
whats the farthest youve been away from your hometown?
hmm if i know you well enough its like 8 but if not then like a 4-5 ish haha
the miracle worker
idk lol
what was your favorite book as a child?
it was gov made  i know it
do you have any scars on your body?  if so  how'd you get them?
it calms my mind in the world khaos of insanity.
if you were a tree  what tree would you be?
what turns you on creatively  spiritually or emotionally?
your traveling once again at night  you notice someone has been following you  what do you do?
6'0 <- lolz hmm im 5'1
last time you had butterflies in your stomach?
how come ur pics r all over photobucket. and this girl name cheyenne lerner has a bunch of pictures of u! like more than u have!
uhmm idkk hahaha alottttt
cause they'll get more stale and soft. duhhhhh?
lmao i no hahahahahhahahahahahaha thats what im sayin
are you happy with your life right now?
lmao hahahahahahahahaha.your my favorite ever  unless your eric.
why do u have a new &quot;girlfriend&quot; like every single month??
do you shrug it off or cry for hours?
lol im ready for it
yes.
ii lovee yuuu moree:p
lmfao ijuz notice dat lol
yes
i really am sorry you have to have this ishh on your page tho nico  but im not just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just not how i was raised. so im sorryy i dont mean to be freeaking out all on here i kinda cnt help it.
yes yay! you guessed it right ;) and i cant call you! :l
bob
dat one name hottboi mikey !!!
how often do you flick people off?
iloveyoumorebabygirl<3 (;
justtt hit dha g spot so i can orgasm wit dhat bigg dikk of yours.  im ova alix. yuhh betta! ;)
do you cry often or keep it inside?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha nopeee not at the moment. hahaha he was saying stuff like that earlyerr.
along came polly.
you are walking down the street on your way to work. there is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. your boss has told you if you are late one more time you get fired. what do you do?
he should have a right to speak his opinion
do you sometimes ask god why things happen to you?
yes
uhm. fun  funny  athletic  outgoing  creative  and awesome! (: duhh lol
someday i'm gonna marry a giant  with a tiny wiener!
possibly whats it to you? rape in a basket....yer thats wat i thought..... no i dont no about him.
have you been caught swearing by a teacher?
:p
wait. are you cheyenne? i sent a request to you? wait  why is your name tabitha?? r u fake????
what cartoon character would you want to be?
what was your last wish for?
do you over think or under think?
u32e1what impossible things did you believe today before breakfast?
hi my name is nico. its a pleasure to meet you :)
what's your earliest memory?
how many glasses of water do you drink a day?
dang. peter pan of course!
mclaine  idk.down the street
why is there a disclaimer on the allstate auto insurance commericals that says &quot;not available in all states&quot;?
okayyyy
a picture of me and timothy when we went on a riverboat cruise and dinner. it was soo romantic :)  i love that picture!
what's usually colder  your hands or your feet?
zerooooo
what do you question the most?
do you think your photogenic?
are there any bruises on your body?
why?!?! d:
hmm we just had one but i cant remember what it was..haha oh well
love-sweet november. r comedy-mr. deeds :]
what do you grab to drink when you're hot  sweaty  and thirsty?
do you like predictive text?
i saw yuh rote on alix formspring. well bae yuh hawt. will yuh wam fo me
do you want a girlfriend?
hhaahhaahahaha dont u just love people who do that lol
top 5 hottest men?
l00k under yur bed...!
cyrus?
how old will you be turning on your next birthday?
is there such thing as love at first sight
eyes? i guess...
what is the second most unique thing?
yes
do you know where your dad was born?
the most would have to be probs.... super mario? on nintendo something or whatever haha #oldschoolftw.
if you were abducted by aliens  would you tell anybody? why or why not?
sounds puuurty legit. :)
what do you like to do on hot days?
what colour is your bedroom?
yes. :)
possibly
yes. tims dad
what is the craziest thing you want to do?
hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaha  i recently read the weight of silence  and its really a good book.r *lover buddies for life **
home alone  yes.
can you cry under water?
ask your daddy (;
nope. i love doggies
h0w ya feel about mii????
everything on my bucket list.r skydiver make babiesr grow oldr have a gardenr help someone drasticallyr ..
i <3 blink.
and why would you fight for her   jst asken
umm. . . good question i have many bhut i guess 16 and pregnant would be 1 of my fav ones atm. ;d
thats for taelin to know .
lol wats happing &quot;its ya lil boi mikey babi&quot; lmao
yeah good thing
sikeeeee! that nigga's a lil headbanger :)
how old are you?
covers by my favorite guy ever.
omgee i get super shy when i get a brazilian wax... do you girls get shy too if you get one or your like w.e? guys: do you like your girls waxed down there or it dont matter?
u hopped on one of dese twu
i thought about how my mother fed me with a tiny spoon and fork  so i wonder what chinese mothers use? toothpicks?
you have a boyfriend?
what is your general philosophy of life?
what video game have you played the most?
michael jacko and subway! doh!
ok d3n. ! don+ m!be d0!nq  @ll d @ vv0rk d3n
.
what colour is your bedroom painted?
do you put on make up everyday?
what is your ideal vacation?
yup sure is :)
not really that i can think of.
mmmmmmmmm idkkkkkk i cant choose. possible something from mayday parade or plug in stereo
favorite candy ? :d<br>
thankyou! haha
yeah it definantly has a smell. distinctly sex smell..haha
would you ever hire a hitman?
speechless... that's all i got to say couldnt think of anything to say oh ya and you still need to read me your published poem that way when your famous i can say &quot;ya i knew she was a good writer before she became famous&quot; ;)
when im sad i get quiet. more emotion is shown when im angry than anything. im pretty good with keeping my emotions concealed.
its overated.
purple
:) i lovwe you to  :) we will meet haha me jo and you could go to grannys??????????????
quality for sure
its prolly not who you think it is.. i just wanted you to know what i thought :)
i love you tooo! :)
i forgot what we were talking about :p i love you twinsie<3
bath and body for sure :)
=]
love you baby ;)
yes. timothy. :] and my dad. i talked to him and my ma! haha wow didn't realize how many people ive said i love you to.
i know  they're amazing!! the singer jeremy mckinnon is soooooo funny :) he loved giving me high fives. my shirt is so cool too. it's with a fat guy on it. lol. do you know the band august burns red?
oh well 2 baddddd
what is your religion?
how much are you going to release that information for? i would gladly pay to know that.
(if it were to save a life) would you ever give mouth to mouth to a person with herpes?
have you ever taken dance lessons?
whatu2019s the best feeling in the world?
the changing my color. i love that :]
what were you doing when you found out michael jackson was dead?
ohio in the states. hahahaha
hmmm..i know a lot. umm i guess psychology. the brain. it interests me just because people are interesting and dumb and so confusing.. i'd like to know more about that. :)
nope
have you ever been to jamaica?
i have no idea. nothing else to do in life..
yes  i just cant spell it. lol r orangatang? hahahahha
what is the most embarrassing thing you have every done?
yea
skittle :]
sing to the radio
whats the craziest thing you have ever done?
ummm wtf? i still might go to weatherford and who was i ever mean to other than when i was standing up for myself?
of course. we the people are the government :]r all people should vote.
so i make you mad? well maybe you could find my histery book for me and cool off with some reading(:
watz gud
coool photo;
http://www.formspring.me/bornbadd <-- follow thee link !! lol
okayyyyyy.
what do you think when you hear the name cris?
thats not a lot of age difference....come on you know you wanna fuck him :p...jokes
atm rue 21;d or forever21 <3
do you like animals?
bust their face.
i swear! i could never lie to my fiancee! ;)
comes in a can?!?
what is the most expensive thing you have on right now?
what was the last gift you gave?
haha i don't judge!
damnit  then im out  my bad for asking :)
loser !! <3
how many people are you following right now
do you think girls look better with makeup on or none?
whhenz yur birthdeyy.?
when was the last time you were disgusted by somebody elses behaviour and what did they do?
yes.
nahh
is tosha your real name?
for shiz.
mermaid.
haha definitely wont be sending this amywhere :] i dont need chain mail to tell me how good i look :] i already know! ;]
do you have any health problems?
lmfao i no right. gosh its making me mad. yes  yes i do. haha i also like lemon drops xd
do you have your twitter account?
b muhh qirl babe   cuhh i kan qive you thaa world <3
hahaha yeah i no right.
no ididnt
prolly not. but only because idk you and i have a bf so he's the only one i like to touch or smell my feet! sorry yo lol
sure! like tell me wht u wnna know?! like wht do you use?!
idk and probably ours or a monkey or both hahah
heyy marribbbiii!! lmao! iloveyuhhh muchooo moeee!!!;) are yuh goin tmrw?!
do you believe there's intelligent life on other planets?
well  that's all for tonight.  i'll ask more questions tomorrow night.  remember to drop me a message in my inbox if you don't want any further questions from me.  good night!  =d
vaginaaaaaaaaa???
alexis....i've had the biggest crush on you for awhile!  i don't go on here a lot.  but please message me on www.findersingle.com under the username &quot;wishfulthinker&quot;.  please don't get all weird.  =)
what are you tired of hearing about?
live it  loving and being kind. kindness is key to everything that brings happiness in life.
do you have a secret that no one knows but you?
no.
dude make her lyk u again..shes hawt as fuck! do sumthin charmin..thts wat i do 2 muh girl
hmmm ...should i answer this question? ha. hacker!! jk.
a peanut butter and jelly sandwhich
torture isn't realllly my thing. but anything jonas brothers would do im sure haha
like a gallon :] haha thats all i drink all day.
who wass yhur valentinee ??
like 480 er something like that. but who really talks to that many people. haha i think i only talk to like 9 of them all the time hahahaha
what
your mighty attractive  <33 ;d
do you have dreams about becoming famous?:
yes! :)
how often do you wish you were a kid again?
florida :] always.r but i wanna see the grand canyon.
things that you cant leave/live without?
idealist or realist?
what is your favorite thing to eat with peanut butter?
would you be a pirate?
haha yea huh i do !!!(: i told you just now . lolz ima go to your houseee <3
if you could go to a planet  which would it be?
nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
thanks!!!! who the eff is this cheyene chick they are talking about??
last time you saw your best friend?
dnt worry iwill
oh snap!! i would actually hug him first off ahah and say &quot;nigga where my weed go?&quot; hahaha jkjkjk i love him!! he is doin a great job!
ehh everyone should know i love them both :p lol can't choose (:
i love you to
creative things.
to make life a little less inconvient for the every day hot dog eater.
the last song you listened to?
huh
the universal dance man
well dats so tight ur friends wit  @truace . how does it feel 2 kno him. since ur his friend u wud kno does he hav a gf?
when's the last time you've been sledding?
what was the worst place you've traveled to?
i see you got a volleyball net.
do you get annoyed when other people display bad manners?
while ago..
yepppppppp
are your days full and fastu2013paced?
would you ever allow your spouse to go to a strip club?
hahahahaaha the way you were them makes you appear that way.
do you get along better with the same or opposite sex?
when people try to make you jealous does it make you mad?
hahaha bitch i bring it lmao! kinda i think lmao! i hve some black in me so yes haha
what is the definition of a hate relationship? does it mean the hate is both ways cause im pretty sure i would smite you with righteous fury bra dont be hatin
yah dont really need anybodi rite now
nope but the second to last gilmore girl just died. did ya knwo that
no i havent actually and im 21 lol
if you get cheated by the better business bureau  who do you complain to?
myspace duhhh!!!
the winter olympics in vancouver. supposed to be gorgeous :]
are you involved romantically with anyone right now?:
if you could have personally witnessed one event in history  what would you want to have seen?
because theyre priorities in life are to live and be happy with those around them. not what they have and their neighbor may have more than them....theres a lot more to life than material. plus they dont know any different to them that is life.
strict. and fun :)
are you a happy person?
would you ever want to swim with sharks?
lmao. i take super long showers
! w @n+ yuh 2 t3 @r m @ pu$$$y uhp
i like your mustcha
hahahaha okay good i was like d: ahhh
mary?! lol hahahaha
how many times have you had the hippups today? :d
if you could be any celebrity for a day  who would you be?
i'm not wearing
why do you think people have unprotected sex?
what is ur star sign
ive just been chillin.<br>
lucky pringle pop
i love you tabi    and i already know you never want to talk to me again but just know ill still always be here for you. thank you for everything<3
i have never riden on a plane. i know i need to!
who doesnt miss me lol (; vvv ewwwe my innocent mind
nope. suree haven't.
are you healthy enough? the formspring team tries to be. we like: www.icareformybody.info
didnt u used to date matt carona?
idk
not really the second one so much. it had some good underlying morals and all but the movie itself drug on and on i thought.
yep
what is the silliest thing you have done?
over think on whats not needed and i seem to underthink on what needs the most thinking.
fukk celtics! gooo lakerrss!! :d
emarosa. they have their own genre haha
what's your favorite genre of music?
are you easily persuaded in an argument?
do you play any sports?
them disagreeing with me
if you eat chicken nuggets  what do you usually dip them in?
interesting.
it is possible actually. :]
looooooove them!
is using a inhaler a sign of weakness?
i like to walk away from a situation yes. before it escalades and things are said and felt that aren't needed.
yes =d
oh wow ohkay
brown
lmfao datz a funi one but hello no
okay. my page is not for you to be anonymous on :]
do you like alice in wonderland? :)
r if today is tommorrow  and tommorrow is today  what day is today?!?r 0_0
not really
wait sooo is there like a lot to tell me?
you come home and find your parents talking with your school counselor and principal/headmaster ... whats your first thought?
comfortness.
my face :/
lol
because i want to ask you questions!!!! dont delete your formspring!! :{
nope
hmmm..she knows a lot. she doesnt know....uhhh that ive smoked pot before. that i want to change the world more than what i just say out loud. how much i hate money.
are you afraid of snakes?
talking about pimples lol my friend once asked me can i pop your zit i was like wtf?? nasty!!! has a friend ever asked you this before?
what movie did you think was very pointless?
lol thankz
uhh im not in school anymore..must be april hahhaa
awee'  your gonna hand it too mee? lol
nice friends .. oh wait :/ srrrry my b
what's your favourite part of you on the outside and your favourite part on the inside?
no  im tabitha jai locascio. myspace.com/tabiisaninja i have a face book to  ask for it. i have no clue who this cheyenne is  so please send a link so i can see for myself  because i guess she might be using my pictures.
youd fight for lindsey? im a gurl. id love to see it
would you like a massage?
hahhaha yeahhh
sometimes and only when needed ;]
hmmm i havent been shopping in forever but i like forever 21
ur coooooool
pink&amp;neon green!yeahh buddie
well im a really good listener im great at helping solve problems but im known to be a big talker
how long have you dated your boyfriend for and where did you meet?
no
yes i knoww! silly  i could really care less. :)
do you know any mechanical stuff about cars?
lol about chris
thank you :] who ever you are.
wayyyy tooooo easilyyyyyyy!
yes
when was your last plane ride?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha i s
i love yoou too remy<3 they arnt gonna do shit they won't even put their names . i don't care much for them they love me!(: no bitchassness allowed!!
los angeles! <33
ice cream!! haha
yes if there were another way other than relying souly on mankind.
me.
how can you love your enemy?
pink roses!(:
kewl lol
the hills! chuz lauren was thee whole point it was clld thee hills and there is 2much drama! bhut i still wtch it chuz i love 2 laugh at thee dumb shit! spencer is a prick btw!;0
cuter
formspring. itunes. and fb :]
i'm not stalking you tab but who is this rude person? they are making me mad at how they are talking to you. i know we don't get along alot but i love you and i don't like these idiots being little b words to you. ssaam
okay.
drina.!(: i knoo huh they juss love me<3
fear. only because of the corruptness of it all.
bahaha i doubt it
yes i love atl!! great place 2 live  wish i lived there! ;d
m3  @nd m @ d @d vv @$ 3 @+!n d!nn3r  @nd ! qu!(kly luk3d  @+ y0ur f0rm$pr!nq p!(+ur3  @nd d!d d @ b3$+  @nd d @ b!qq3$+ 0rq @$m y3+  @nd m @ p @ q0+ h0rny  @nd d3n vv3 h @d $3x. !+ vv @$ unpr0+3(+3d. d0 y0u +h!nk !'m pr3qn @n+ ??
okayy.
most of the time. sometimes i wish i could be more for others but at the time  my hands are tied with money and trying to get ahead.
four
are you currently taken?
a nursing degree already.r a lott of land to live off of.r some money i could just give away to those who work their entire life and can never get ahead.r &amp; a dog. bullmastiff. purebreed. i love them.
have you ever been so drunk you dont remember what happened?
r u in love with someone anonymously?
wow
! w @n+ yuh +0 $m @(k m3 &amp; m @k3 dh @ sex w!ld n h0+
what do you usually wear? like to school?
my blunt attitude.
would you date a girl with a pierced tongue or lip?
:)
cry like a baby
if i told you would u let me
because if its who i think it is  i asked if she wants a boyfriend and you can find out the rest from her if it is her
name a movie or movies you can watch over and over?
itss deannaa..! imyyy
right now...rollerblading :)
favorite board game?
followed :]
how do you heal a broken heart?
boyy dnt get hurt
umm idk. i try not to cry in front of people but that sometimes doesnt work
do you believe honesty is the best policy?
i dont get t
im gonna take pole dancing classes would that make me slutty?
my and timothys anniversary. we went to boi na braza  the brizillian steak house downtown cincinnati. its was super snazzy :)
what makes you think a person is creepy?
60 inches. :]
does it bother you when people try to make you jealous?
lmao idk wea its at....haha
do you know april?
can you please sing a cover of any justin bieber song? :d
headphones
would you marry donald trump for the money?
kinda...
hmm..im currently listening to knock knock on wood . hahahhaha
who is the wind beneath your wings?
do you think that questioning things is healthy?
worst childhood memory?
yur really pretty no homo ((:
if you saw a robbery  would you report it?
i jerk all day my nigg! :ddd
he's not really one of my favorites. but i likes mask.
how do you stay so cute?
hahahahahah thankyou  i love you to :)
something special. my heart's desire.
hmmm i dont remember to be honest
thanks. it was in panama with 7 other chicks. funn times.
uqhhh iquess yew goht hoess all ova youh.! lmao
yes!~!!!!
kum on den
how do you spend your saturday nights?
this years love-david gray/r sweet november/r destin beach in florida/
wat is a dero
think fast!  name one song that starts with the letter n!
do you think it's okay for parents to push their beliefs on their children?
do you fear something you honestly have no reason to fear?
lol ima go deep
not at all!(:
what was ur favorite song???
ew
tabi's a ninja :d and i'm a ninja star you spin me round and round. lol being anonymous hides my shame for making that lame pickup line :)
dont you hate it when people are only dating for about 2 days and they put &quot;i love (the persons name)&quot; on there statuses and stuff? i do >.<
not currently
hmmm perhaps?
yes :/ hahah
elephants have very good memories. who realised that and what other brain was it measured against?
if you had to remove a part of your body bec. it has cancer cells.. what part of your body would you choose? why?
idk
like a week.
if you could have invented one thing  what would it have been?
nope. i like games but i dont own any of my own. usually don't have time for them
about how many pairs of jeans do you own?
yes
volleyball
who are your top three celebrity crushes?
what message would you want to put in a fortune cookie?
haha! staring at my doctor thru sunglasses while he was in my mouth! hahaha!!!
i love you...? haha
dirt poor
have you ever used a swear word the wrong way and made it sound completely stupid?
so you wont? lol you forgot the ending. it goes like this &quot;i would if i could  but i cant  so i wont&quot; <3
tell mi wat ya want mi tew do nd iwill work it out
say your driving down the road in the middle of the night and theres a kid on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?
if you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?
i love to draw. i took 3 years of studio art in hs and you had to turn in a portfolio to get in the class.. ;)
painful? i had to tell my parents that i had gotten a dui and was going to jail for 15 days.
whats your favorite j. depp movie?
what do u like most about me?
what word describes you best?
how many silly bands do you own? :]
if jimmy cracks corn and no one cares  why is there a stupid song about him?
hahahahahhaha ikr. :) but d: im not even talking to him hahahahahaahahahaha
superman!!!((:
what's the furthest you've ever traveled?
i like talking to jenny
http://files.formspring.me/profile/20100511/4bea173ca6455_thumb.jpg
what's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?
not really but i do like animals. just not to make love to them. ha
thankk youu(;
mall or park?
the angel of death has descended upon you. fortunately  the angel of death is pretty cool and in a good mood  and it offers you a half-hour to do whatever you want before you bite it. whatcha gonna do in that half-hour?
only english native people! how does spanish sound to you?
what would happen if you get scared half to death twice? do you die?
the one and only :]
marital arts haha
nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.
what was the last fight you got into?
would you rather be rich or famous?
the chicken flies at midnight....don't tell anyone
prettttty
does anyone call you babe?
hmm..i had been sick all wk so ive only been around timothy. and well i texted chels. so i guess just them two. oh and you :) your questions make me smile sometimes hahaha
you asked didnt you? i was like 12 and you gotta do what you gotta do yo> haha
would you/have you ever kissed a female?
not much. i used to go on 3 or 4 but anymore i get the recommended 8 hours hahaha
who is your bestfriend???
hmm probably alejandro by lady gaga
sure why not?
uhm.. tilly's (:
whos ur bestfiend?
ever come close to death?
dont pull over!!! never do that. just keep going until your somewhere public and really well lighted all around. and then maybe go there until they leave. idk that would be freaky
would you let me see you get freaky?(random) lol
who was the best teacher you've ever had?
mhm
not currently. im on a waiting list and i really enjoyed microbiology :)
grape. still is :)
you electricute yourself lol
its a chicken finger :]
<3
have you ever used drugs?
i know its you dina im not dumb.
who's the most talented person you know?
heck yess.
do you believe in life after death?
i wish u werre fake
both :p
i dont havee mineee d:
how many hours of sleep do you need to function?
i havent seen it yet  i really like his cd though.
tabiahhhh...
its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;)
name something that's better when it's in your hands?
i used to think that but not anymore.
they say the garden of eden was in iraq. then where is hades?
nope. idk what i am haha
favorite drink ?
what are your plans for the weekend?
baptist.
yes i do. :]
ever tought about going to the moon or anouther planet ??
favorite dish
i love cameras. show your face yooo
nope. ohio :]
comedy
i may
what's a word that rhymes with test?
! w @nn @ fuck y0u.  @nd y0u d!d f0rq3+  @b0u+ d @+ h03 vvv
every now and then
do you prefer tupac the best singer in the world i mean was he dead and who doesnt like lee
i do <3
god that was a fun night  i want to relive it...we danced in wall mart to betoven bahahaha
tabi is real!!! i knew her when she lived in idaho!-kinly
what was the first thing you thought when you woke up?
not at all
it wass gudd
do you like your eggs scrambled or sunny side up?
gay or lesbians?
if the whole world were listening  what would you say?
if thats what he'd wanna do then im not doing something right. so no but that shouldnt be an issue
a world without bees; good or bad?
yeah idk either  i honestly think its that person we were just talking about  the one that annoys you
if you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
so who is it that you like?
haha it was kayla that wrote that lol you thought it was phoebe i tricked you hahahahaahahahahah :d
lol dnt worry iwill..watz ya name?
will you b my valentine?
im bout 5'9
it makes conversation haha
omg!!!!! tell me!!!! ughh grrr rawrr bianca? lmao! idkk tell me!
depends on what they're cooking. my dad makes amazing lasagna  chili and veggie soup. but my ma makes awesome fried chicken and wedges and mashes taters and baked ham.oh my!!
i like parks :]
if you saw your zipper was down and people had noticed  what would you do?
would you rather take the picture or be in the picture?
ohhhhh i get it now.
if you could ask barack obama one question what would it be?
have you ever played bloody mary?
are minors allowed to drink in your state?
lol
call me tomorrow at 7:00 am.
idk........
how did youu know ?
you can cast any actor now alive to play you in a film about your life. whom would you cast in the role?
which year was your favoroute school year... i know its not this year cause you had taylor in your class!but it still could be this year...
idk what &quot;love stoned&quot; is.. so idk haha
its just the way this world works these days. haha
nicee!
how many keys are on your keychain?
sherbert. yes :)
are your parents on facebook?
list 5 people you know. then describe each of them in 5 words.
not yet ;] sure hope so here soon!! :d
yes ma'am
have you told anybody you loved them today and meant it?
tosha haejin goodin. real as it gets lol
have you ever been to south america or africa?
hahaha(: ight
spiderman.
sometimes
haha awee' who is this?
lolss dhat aiint gudd
okayyy!
not at all.
are the best things in life free?
yes i have actually.
hahahahaha thats funny. i wanna learn so i can read all the questions you answer in filipino...haha its not fair!!
purple :p
why u so perfect!? ;)
i want my mom to _________.
hahahahaha http://lmgtfy.com/?q=what+is+a+dero%3f
do you like your living arrangement?
what do you think of my questions?
if you could have been the author of any book  what would it have been?
your like wiked pretty  im soo jealous :
what's your favourite part to watch in rent?
if you're from africa why are you white?
wanting to help everyone but myself.
hahahaahha i know  myspace.com/tabiisaninja
how long does it take you to get to work or school?
hahahha i really love that hahaha :)
i think the mama song :) hahar it was really pretty and it was the first time i had heard it  so live was awesome.
dont watch talk shows.
does it annoy when people jock your shit?
when was the last time you flipped someone the bird?
have you ever asked someone out on a date?
really i heard u guys got together?
what is the last film you saw?
we dont currently have a dining room rightnow haha
hello there dear :) and your verrrryyy welcome.
kkk
ummm  im not sure haha i dont find anything i do impressive
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz. pick one...
beachhh !
oooollllldddd
if you had threee wishes what would they be
i dont think so
hahhaha i would probably die of laughter.
10ish
does your name make any interesting anagrams?
when you were a kid  what did you want to be when you grew up?
how old is your inner child?
tabi i think your the best but you push me away from being your friend because i did something wrong and i hate myself everyday and ive always regreted it happaneing i dont know if you know who i am but i want you too know i wish that never happened
lmfao hell no iget way better [[no offense]]
y0u m @d3 d @ h03 0rq @$m  @q @!n. f0r d @ dozenth t!m3
dickkkkkkkkkkkkkk????
because there is nothing else to do.
good to know good to know ;)
used to be a whole hell of a lot but now not so much.
people talk about something you know they have no clue about.
how do you think the obama administration is doing so far?
what does teaachgee mean? do you know what emahsnouoy mean? :]
have you ever eaten an entire pint  or more  ice cream by yourself?
movies or music?
i forgot her namee  sorry d;
whats ur fav tv showww? :d <3
haha no im not lmao
nm...just chillin
summer sandals
who's &quot;jokes&quot;
yes  bhut i think luck is blessing from god actually! in my opinion!
k
lmao  i thought he spelled it some way messed up way. but lmao and you like i'll have 8says order8 and thats jack  j-a-c-k. then your mom-he knows how to spell jack. hahahahahaha
haha...when i turn 60 ish ask me this! lol
sometimes if your daydreaming but then your daydreaming so its not nothing..haha
do you prefer scary movies or comedy movies?
what gives you bliss?
your mom just told your dad to go sleep on the couch what are they fighting over?
hahahahah this is awesome i know how to send messages to all my friends
would you reather have your heart be broken or break someones heart?
(girls)can you belly dance?r (guys)can you break dance?
what age would you liek to get married?
haha. does that really work on people? i am gullible at times but really?
do you listen to your mom??
idk lol
hello(;
hahahahahaha yess. :)
that everyone has a secret.
:) hahaha awhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh <3
so whats up
i eat it like a normal person lol
whats your favourite song out at the minute?
have you ever cried yourself to sleep?
as soon as you turned on your computer  what website do you go to first?
leader <3
hmm..paris hilton
timothy
what's your favorite youtube video?
haha thanks (:
meowl?;d if thts a word haha<3
how much should a bag of kettle korn be?
do you like ketchup but hate tomatoes?
just checking if your like a chomo or something ha. good thing you said ew.
tommy pickles. from rugrats
how long does it take to get over a &quot;bad&quot; relationship? (bad does not imply violent)
h2o
is quality or quantity of friends more important?
are you wearing the p<br>
most definantly. <3
love it
no
do you want to switch places with a male?
iloveyou! thanks alot! bhut its alot 2 keep up wit! wanna trade haha!
are you someone's best friend?
yo ppl spread the word and ask me more questions =]
twitter
sure
lolss yeahh yew aree
thee comp? or cellfonne! hehe
yes. and its a little creepy
dirt. god made dirt and dirt dont hurt!! :)
have you ever wasted you're time on anybody?
thank you.
i dont do brands. i do the look. i like how it looks i buy it.
im living it. i think nightmares are never worse. you can always find one scarier and more wrose.
do you like skittles?
mmmmmkayyyyy
what color is your favorite hoodie?
my bed is on the floor unfortuantly. i know i hate it too! we're moving though :0
what is your favorite movie?
lisha n jennie
bruno
i need a haircut for some style but im trying to grow it out !! so we'll see how long this lasts. ive been doing good lateley
if fed ex and ups were to merge  would they call it fed up?
thats annoying
mmm what?
text me(:
any new and exciting news youu2019d like to share?
lmfaoooooo. jealous bitches make me sick!(; so nicoo  ahaah what th fxck is up! :d
goooooood  cause i want you too ;))) <3
what's your favorite kind of fruit pie?
i am the master at skippping rocks!
what was your favorite toy to play with as a child?
going to my grandma's
why is it that another persons actions bother other people so badly?
what do you value most in your friends?
most of the time
september 7th
hahahaha :) i'd say it was a little bird but i think it was one smart cookie
whats the worst thing to ever happen to you
have you ever blamed someone else after passing gas?
:d hahahaha
hahahahahahahha lmfao i have a my year book. that was probably mine  i stopped useing it like forever ago.
have you ever been to those cyber cafes to use the internet? how much they charge per hour? i did a long time ago &amp;&amp; its 3 dollar an hour!!!
if you could ask george w. bush one question what would it be?
yeah... even though i really couldnt.
what was the best concert you went to?
are you gonna watch the world cup?
is there such thing in life as a selfless sacrafice?
omg ! ! i did 200 q's yeay meeee ! !
wid wat?
well put...
you silly girl :d
ew no.
myself bubbly funny?
what's your favorite kind of cookie?
what was so great about jumping on the bed as a kid?
vvv yes or no question!
do you put up christmas lights at christmas time?
what's the nicest thing someone's ever done for you?
definantly not. one :]
is there anyone who was in your life that it hurts you to think about?
who's your favorite superhero?
nope
nahh
alrightt
*wear*
what do people most often criticize about you? (if some of these are doules i am so sorry.)
yes. only because it's petty highschool crap thats annoying and not needed. haha
d:
piratee's or ninja's? ahah
what's yur fav color?
how do you pronounce the word &quot;sure&quot;?
thnksss.!! umm thass juss how i do it(:!
whats your favorite out on myspace and facebook?
what did you dream about last night?
favorite song?
ckuss yew forgot bout mhe
damn. i hate shiiiit talkers on formspringgg. i thought it was just a random question site thing
last gift you received?
-question-
favorite song?
me and scarletts
what around you could be used as a weapon?
laptop dogs family shoes bed clothes coffee maker oven washer&amp;dryer refridgerator table&amp;chairs pics camera bath tub! hahahahahahhaha!!!!
visit? plz *-* http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=r1wwn
what's the best gift you've ever given?
ammmmmbbaaaaaa
are your nipplesz pierced?
do you like the smell of weed?
is there anyone you wish you never met? -_-
nahhh i just hang up
you should come next week!
what kind of music do you listen to?
why do you do this to ashlee?
do you listen to music depending on what mood you are in or does music make your mood?
yesss
favorite female comedian?
yes more than no. and because i roll with the punches. but like to think ahead at the same time haha
cheesecake or brownies?  you can only pick one to have for the rest of your life.
toss it in a dumpster :p
hitch hike babay haha
actually its cabbage!;d
do you believe in god?
bash my head against the wall hahaha ;)
what website do you spend the most time on?
3 physical features you get complimented on a lot? name your least favorite feature?
and it was an interesting question that i asked to get that hobo statement lol
yes i have before.
unpredictable.
what about 456?
book :]
i have 2 actually! justin bieber (ofcourse) &amp;&amp; scipio mondai!
kkkk
ummmm possibly a week haha i was cleaning myself haha im not a dirty person but like i had a broken arm anyways im sure it was less then that d:
musta? :)
what is a question you have yet to be asked?
noo problem :] anytime.
if you could eat dinner with any person  dead or alive  who would it be and where would you go?
y ya wanna kno ??!
hahahaha true lady goo goo
well folks thats all for tonight i hope you enjoyed
:) awhh
are you loyal?
:) hey i agree with her (v) you are really pretty!
are you only acting nice to people now because you have to stay at brock?
ate it?
really. travis?
umm money  money  money and short stack haha. =] and jimmy machan and beau taplin my obsessions atm lol =d
 @y3  @l!x $3d yuh wuz j3rk!n off t @ q @y p0rn !n hisz q @r @qe wi+ y0 d @d
last year <3 7th grade
pretty fast.
what is the most exotic place you have ever been to?
hope that it'll work? haha
who's the sexiest woman alive?
can you tell if someone is lying to you?
would you ever shave the side of  your head?
no school for me
who would make a better spy...a woman or a man?
person you talk on the phone with the most?
what do you think about parwents who drink alcohol around their children?
pussy cat dolls or paradiso girls?
make it big enough for my extended family and those who really arent &quot;family&quot; but treat them like they are to live in
what's the best place near you to get a drink?
what would you do if you were the first person on earth?
hmm..sloth is what came to mind lol but its not really what i wanted. haha maybe  dragon :]
dayyym gurl u got it goin on! ;]
if i feel like i need to then yes.
comedy or horror movies?
kkkk. hope you feel better!
what's the worst thing about where you live?
haha yepp
text me?
damn yew just hurt my feelingss
ahahaha!!!(: it wuzz funn!(: lmao<3
do you miss your past?
umm? think wht chuu want babeyy(:
not at all!!! i smile too much
who was ur first kiss
do you know anyone in prison?
hahahahahaahaha is this dakota silvey?
have you ever wrote a love song?
do you believe honesty is the best policy?
i loveeee youuuu alexissssssssssss vvvv mines better(: hehe<3333
does your school have dry erase board or chalk boards?
listener definitely chuz i get cut off alot so i just listen or ignore pplz!
has it ever been hard for you to say &quot;i love you&quot;?
what&apos;s a saying you say a lot?
hahahahahah every one keeps asking this! but nopppeeee.
sing?
if you could be with anygirl in the whole world  who would that girl be?
well if this is who i think it is  you didnt ask to see my poems  and i wrote some for you and i showed you and you didnt care much
yes once
that's my baby rightt thhere!(; haha but nah
are you a party girl?
thank you :)
no we talk up!
hmm.r my husband.
shan kinqst0n yo cuhz??? forrreal???
hahah!! ohhkayy?!?! lol wht do you call a deer with no eyes? i have no ideer! haha classic  umm i suck at this haha
yes! haha neat trait of mine.. i can plug my nose with my lips :]
you outta know by alanis morrissette ;]
false.
do you like the movie chronicles of narnia?
siblings?
have you ever bid for something on ebay?
in highschool maybe haha
well i thought that you were at first but i've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number ;)))
favve song ?
thnks :]
do you wear hats?
what color is your toothbrush?
funny background statement =>
nope
i luhh u already! i dha grl dat wanna give u becky and sex
is love necessary in life?
nahhh
yea i don't like it when it's dirty
why do you press harder on the remote-control when you know the battery is dead?
that was gonna be the first hint but i guess i knew it was too obvious
seriously  leave tabi alone. wtf vvvvv
well would you believe that youve got me &quot;love stoned&quot;?
what was the best advice you've ever received?
nope.
with nail grooming tools? file  clippers  no biting people! thats so gross and unsanitary.
do you think you're a good friend?
what food are you burnt out on?
dhatt wass me ! lol
have you bought any new clothing items this week?
they're okay. i haven't seen them in a long time :/
not really when i first meet them
lykee ohhemmgee ! hiii mikey !
are you picky about spelling and grammar?
popcorn!!! twizzlers. and some mike and ikes.
ohhh well i didnt know you were doing that  you know since the questions come backwards to you..hahhaa sorry about all the show your face comments. hahha
do you wish someone was with you right now?
kohl's actually.
yes. but we end up warped in the end either way..
entertainingly cheesy :]
do you think you&apos;re hot and/or sexy?
repeat.
i cannot listen to that heavy metal! i like me some rock(oldies) bhut not that scary shit ;d
do u no alix's sister has a cruch on you
repeat
hey who diz?
i aint da one dat said da tampon thang. but i added yo myspace.
how many languages do you speak?
lol no idnt iguess bih
sometimes. i did that a lot when i was sick this past wk
you'll neverr know (:
hold im confused
i wouldnt catch one.
haha nahh ive just fractured some thumbs bhut itz all good lol
did we have any classes together this year?
i havent gotten 2 that part!! haha
i dont. but what is complaining about it going to do?
bahah  yeah i'm totally just gonna' get pissed at you for talking to you. mhm  thats just how i am! ;d r ha  noooot so muchh.
hahahahaha >:) im evil mwahahahahahahahahaha
what's something unique about ohio? :)
who is the biggest gossiper you know?
